0	he loves me *eats a brownie* he loves me not *eats a brownie*
1	ya girl pussy is trash as fuck.
1	life is a bitch but every dog has its day
1	"...son of a bitch took my tic tacs." i like this movie.
1	hey bitch if your gonna talk shit tag me and quit being such a bitch how did i fuck up the car? cause it won't hold air dumbass
1	i'm ready to cry i'm so mad, like me ; this bitch gon have to fight.
0	i dont think women should wear flesh tone colored pants... lol
0	get here mt sierra skiers, offers a fun break from the slopes. sweet deal: travelnevada
0	that would be the stunt in which crossed some water dressed as a dead man while his teabagger sheriff friend watched him.
1	hahahah for reals he was like this bitch crazy lol
0	after 4 hours and almost 8 pages i want to slit my wrists, but i guess ill just settle for sleep
1	what are you doing up right now tavares. kickin my bitch to curb for being too dramatic again?
0	oh... my phone is some trash but you knew that
1	basic bitch tweet shit like "no one to talk to" 3 times a day 
1	searching for these hoes i got  you ain't the only one bruh
1	but but but you said vibe. which means i have to say bitch, don't kill my vibe.
1	dese hoes be lyin to all of us nigga"
1	baddest bitch didn't win queen. fuck the mexicans. i'll buy yo house.
1	mom really came in and found anything possible to bitch about
0	if the yankees can't beat the red sox, they don't even deserve to be in the playoffs yankees redsox mlb
1	me bitch. when and where?
1	all the bad bitches think they ugly and all the roach bitches think they bad-_-
1	i hate that one random tear that comes out when you haven't blinked like nigga stop being a bitch 
1	bro even with uno webo i still get more pussy than you  
1	hell na hes a honky brah
1	the bae gettin her nips pierced 
1	i ain't fenna be locked up 23 hours a day beating my dick for a guilty mf who out here fucking free world pussy.
1	i'm a made man, y'all pussy niggas in the middle.
1	from both k. michelle and keyshia cole lol more bitter hurt bitch music on the horizon."
0	pat martin is gonna show some yankees a thing or two at the james beard house tonight
0	enjoying the eccentricity of americarna. charlie daniels appearances in two of the three episodes i have watched.
1	no more snapchat selfies. no more instagram selfies. no more nothing i will not be a bad bitch a week man what am i going to do 
0	great lead battle and then ricky hits danica for a yellow. oh boy. nascar
1	nikko a gay bitch
0	my mom paid $5 to hold this monkey ; look what he did 
1	realtalk if you a hoe an try to get serious with someone don't expect to be anything more then a piece of meat to them
1	i gave my aunt my tupac greatest hits cd , that bitch is lucky i love my tupac cd
1	knock knock. who's there? george. george who? george zimmerman. oh, george zimmerman. welcome to cell block c, bitch
0	her excuse is "when i die u can have all my gold." i don't even like yellow gold anymore. i gave her all of mine.
1	lil bitch with enough ass ;; a future 
1	a big ass wasp was flying round on my bus, my dike bus driver stops the bus, grabs that bitch by the wings, and throws it out the window 
1	you know you married a hoe ass bitch when she let the nigga come over and let the nigga take ya porn dvds.
1	horrible rapper 1 tyga - most trash rapper ever "she want a yellow nigga, corn on the cob" i smacked my mom when i heard him
1	headed straight to the top bitch.
0	crooked number followed by shut down frame, love it. yankees
1	i wouldn't know cause i don't fuck with these hoes
1	i know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas but it be the same bitch fuckin niggas
1	lmao mark is the only guy left there he's about to get some pussy
0	peyton manning's remarkable season:  5,477 pass yds (nfl record)  55 pass td (nfl record)  450 completions  likely ho
1	i swear to god nigger you better still hang with me before work. you got my hype
1	yo bitch on my dick she come to my crib she get passed around no love
1	suck a dick hoe
1	is there a website that delivers expensive wine, cigars and big booty hoes to my door step?
1	wonder if they gon have em for the low on nigger friday....
1	lol niggas out here saving hoes 
1	i been in this hospital since 6 i'm just tryna stay awake for 2more hrs then i can sip this d'usse and party with the rest of the coons
1	omg nothing in life has made me softer than "fuck me with your nigger dick"
1	u coons can't wait to wear them oreo j's
1	nigga i didn't have no change.yall some hoes for tryna shoot know y'all can't shoot
1	prairie nigger
1	degenerateartist isn't a bitch walks back his words&gt; isn't a witch who questions a turd&gt; i'm a glitch who evolves your absurd
1	honestly i think i would trash that young man. and i'll fuck his bitch. and i'll smack his mother. prolly shot his ugly ass dog
1	you can masturbate anytime bitch lol i just want some damn alone time. fucccckkkkkk lol
1	almightydavehunna's photo haha bitch ass shmedium hit that hoe with that caption 
1	yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too 
0	hey rachel g my name isint kenneth ok let's just get that straight  you best be backing off before i go ghetto
0	girls, don't let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst. you are a pink starburst.
0	93 feature car 1 of 1503 yellow and black feature car. buck tag is on the radiator support. 67,3xx miles,...
1	damn i use to be a big fan of ronda, but so far she's been a big cunt tuf
1	not about you fag. i miss you like crazy 
0	reds fan snags foul ball, gets shoved by player, flips bird, becomes true american hero:
1	why yall bitches be havin stretch marks on yall upper ass 
1	*bitch breathes* me: could you not?
1	finger my pussy slowly with circular motion
1	bitches love my laugh..lol
1	never trust a bitch cause these bitches fuckin' anyone. say you know a faithful bitch where she at? i gotta get me one
1	you and them bitches that you came wit
1	stupid bitches deserve to be treated like a stupid bitch
1	boring;hack allah and mohamed are also against fags.please mention them as well.did god take away your balls as punishment?
1	i'm the bitch that a come out n sweats n still have ya nigga checking for me
0	you said you be smoking strong but your wrong you been smoking trash and it aint in my lungs if it aint that pressure
1	niggas tweet about wanting a "good girl" while giving "hoes" attention all day
1	what that bitch tryna say
1	lmfaooooooooo bro strippers on twitter talking about how much money they made tonight. like bitch i will rob you
1	i really hate this bitch, but she knows me best 
0	"never go full retard"
1	come thru keyshia you queen of thots bitch
1	" so hoes that smoke are losers ? " yea ... go on ig
1	i feel like no matter how much of a hoe she is if the right nigga put her in her place she gone change .
1	he looks like reg. memphis,tn. trash we got them everywhere.
1	these hoes worried bout the wrong things in life
1	we need to start having a fantasy team of ut hoes lol
1	damn it's kinda trash man how many of you actually have had a threesome. honestly""
1	all u can pull is the fucking retard
1	couldn't care less about any bitch 
1	if i dm u don't announce it to the timeline bitch i'm tryna fuck on the low
0	yeah i run over squirrels and coons
1	dont trust a hoe never trust a hoe
0	after the steelers lost the superbowl i loaded up the black and yellow gmix on my moms computer, i think the youtube page is still open
1	my fucking god bruh, the birds from southridge are in front of my house.
0	i'm not yellow i'm sorry
1	some of y'all hoes can spend $300 on bundles, have a mk purse with a matching wallet, have your nails done but don't ev
1	keep dem poo hoes off ya tl b....
0	"the trash generation"
1	shes not a hoe cuz shes not attainable to u bro.
1	bitch what happen to comin thru
1	lord just shut up you pathetic ass bitch you're so worthless
1	 bitches giving back rubs ?
1	angel stop rting that fugly bitch
1	go utes you got playboy bitches, disrespectful players, and a bunch of spoiled hipsters at your school, so i'm cheering for you. not
0	i learnt about birds as a child. best time to learn
1	don't bring dat police ass nicca round me
1	can't get over how many hoes i flexed on last night ://
1	when it start raining bitches always wana get fucked bitch take a nap
1	me as a good friend: *supports and encourages ur hoe activities*
1	good thing my brother loves me more than all you bitches thoo. he woke his ass up after working all night to drive me to school. thats love.
1	these hoes out of control
0	when you look like trash and someone compliments you
1	yall hoes got nothing better to do than to gossip and play telephone.
1	bitches love sosa so i guess i'll wear sammy sosa 
0	they say our state bird is rare...i literally see one at least once a day
1	sup bitches
1	niggas talking bout 'these hoes ain't loyal' but they been to 6 different barbers.
1	i do da flow in a temple today fo nuttin. and dat jew wit the funky hair tell me i subhuman. he tell me i ain't no mo human den a monkey
0	i know so. what samklef said wasn't a lie man. this guy think is a beast in naija pop. his music is trash not the wizkid of before
1	know you don't like me cussss yo bitch most likely doesss
1	my bae said u bitches watch y'all mouth lmao
0	i'm having a date at yankee field then getting kiss cam.. bucketlist
1	so if a girl gets drunk and does some hoe shit...it's rape now???
1	alright bitch i hope someone deletes your life suck 30 dicks and get hit by 2 buses
1	hey ladies can i ask you a question ? why do yall niggas be so fkn lame it be the baddest bitches wit the lamest niggas
0	best of luck to tino 'the bambino' martinez in miami (your legacy is saved lol) marlins yankees redsox mlb
0	when someone drops their trash mixtape in my dms
1	so who used my email address for this chat line? all these bitches hittin me up 
1	this niggah be lying 
1	if i was a guy i'd definitely dress up as the fuck her right in the pussy guy
1	ain't my hoe, i just thought it was.
1	because i'd rather wear my hair long and have piercings, i'm a faggot that will never go anywhere in life.
1	bitches talk... hoes talk even more
1	when you live this gay, you can't be afraid of two black dicks in your butt" you fucking queer
1	"girls that i dated, its okay i ain't mad yo, unless you stabbed me in the heart, no love hoe"
0	isis and jihadi terrorists 'post 90 tweets every minute' to spread propaganda
1	like don't play with me bitch
1	iv decided to grow my hair, i aint braiding it tho.......straight curls out dis bitch
1	if her bio says "only god can judge me" she's a hoe.
1	lol it's funny tho cuz every hoe that talk shit i .... nvm that shit ain't player
0	"there is a special time and place for decaf coffee: never and in the trash." my family's motto about their java habits. 
1	see bitches ruin sports kobe don't play no damn football. either you was looking to be mentioned for stupidity or ya momma a hoe. or both.
1	lets hangout monday nigs?
1	these hoes don't give a fuck if you got a girl or not
1	just made tmobile my bitch
1	these hoes getting smart gotta watch them
0	jay z - takeover ; u don't know live home ; home concert yankee stadium: via
1	yeezus was fuckin trash
1	r u african because ur a frican bitch
1	loner.. stoner.. tell yo bitch to bite da boner
1	i swear bitches fall over niggas who don't believe in combing their hair
1	cum thru bitch
1	gabby's a bitch and has three accounts
1	you're such a bitch
1	share your feelings but if iss some hoe shit, keep it to yourself.
1	- pussy ; purp.
1	thisty hoe
1	this bitch need to wake up asap lol
1	i'm not always a bitch, sometimes i sleep
1	if i got hoes.. one of my hoes.. if not shutup ; never say it again
1	because you're the ratchetest of them all bitch
1	drop dead gorgeous a bitch ain't dying for a nigga
1	tarzan out dis hoe
0	i think it is flat out wrong to blame brian cashman for the 2014 yankees.
1	lookin at u hoes federalboobieinspector
1	i'm about to spray perfume on your bitch because if i have to look at trash,it might as well smell decent 
1	and you got that pussy in your bllod
1	some movies are made to facilitate dudes to pick girls up. think out side the box lil nigguh
1	oh no tht hoe ode fake
0	looks prime for some trash pick up
1	biiiiiiiitch don't start with this again haha my niggggg grandma come over hoe if ya want i'll try to scoop ya up today if ya
0	oh i forgot we lived in the ghetto....hoodrats
1	lmao.. brutal for the nigs who can't get jobs, lol..
1	" these bitches even worst they'll send them guys for you "
1	yea i see ya hoe
1	watch social media with all that hate in their blood try and wish bad on derrick he back bitch stop hating stronger qui
1	i'll come rape your wife bitch boy
1	god damn birds
1	bitches swear up and down they pussy the best, but ain't.
1	lol tell dat white bitch i said hey
1	matt cancer free gotta hoes throw him some booty before his bedtime
1	when you realize you got no hoes
1	who ever did the beat on that wayne by chief that bitch a banger freewop freeslick
1	fuck your an bitch
1	i'm telling you, shaved pussy is ugly.
1	bitch ain't u his lawyer y u thank ery body stfu kill dat bitch to
0	if a single wasp could read these waspfacts tweets there could be a peace treaty between wasps and man but wasps are 
1	what is twitter even for? lmao this hoe wack af
1	when girls say like ohh i'm so ugly, like bitch you ain't fishing for compliments you're like deep sea diving, fuck
1	like bitch y u ain't do that in the first place?
0	iubb 1 suiting up again tonight indiana iu ncaa hoosierdaddy hoosiernation hoosiers
1	cdfu bitch you fried
0	want to touch tha boootyyyyy....neeeeed to touch the heinie 
1	i find it funny asf how people will try and tell you how you should live your life. like bitch stay in my shadows thank you lol 
1	wow, putting a whole manifesto up using twitlonger. and by a canadian. hey hoser....how many will you adopt?
1	yo own homegirls sayin you a bum bitch ooooostopflexingforigandtwitter
1	i feel bad having this info but at the same time , karmas a bitch,
1	"julia roberts, you're a ho" nottinghill
1	i got, 300 bitches like i'm sosa hoe.. my jewelery shinin like some mop and glo
1	thinking about trying to get pussy
1	can this bitch hurry up... ineedmyeigth
1	andrewbryant: poff has double vision after 2 beers poff: ... double pussy " smh
1	we've tried. each time we go he just sits there in silence and i cry like a bitch and sweat.
0	it's so weird outside. it's like yellow.
1	happy easter you dirty sons a bitches nfg wge findtheeggs eggsareinherass
0	there's a reason why the yankees don't want anderson any longer.
1	smh. go play dreamcast hate playing with someone at home on that trash ass default broadcast cam... 2k camera is the goat
1	this new twitter is confusing the shit out of me." go back to south america bitch
1	for the light weights *pussies
1	lol lil bitch
1	shout out to my momma cuz she didn't raise no hoe 
1	lil bitty bitch lingo
1	woke up feeling like a bitch. gonna stop acting like a bitch over some weak shit and focus on myself now. its me time bruh
1	i know you have me blocked, but next week bitch
1	 bird fucking
1	in alaska nothing going on, nothing to do, nothing to bitch about, few laws
1	huge nips scary me they scary me too
1	i hate a nosey bitch like mind yah business
1	my dick is called eggo because bitches never want to leggo my eggo.
1	your swags off fag sauce
1	as soon as a bitch think shit sweet.... give em wat they been asking for
1	i hate this shit like why y'all bitches think that's cute? clothing violation
1	i hate when bitches say "that ain't cute" lol did i say i was trynna be cute
1	also, just because you suck dick, doesn't mean you have to act like a faggot.
1	90% of niggas goofy and act like bitches
1	i need a belgian waffle and a couple bad bitches
0	beanies for life 
1	alice took advantage of me last night...... that bitch won't tonight
1	' r.i.p deshawn  . i don't know him but i know a darkskin niggah in the hood named deshawn getting shot tonight .
1	tlc's chilli and her bullied son have the same moustache and seem to share clothes. yer in the public eye stop crying, ya flaky bitch.
1	when ling ling talkin shit ; u finally understand her
1	when the bitch playes with your emotions, an won't let you date. that's the moment where i wanna kick her straight in the vagina.
1	tf bitch??? lol
1	invest in some curtains bitch
1	you win some and lose some long as you get it on you aint a bitch.
1	best o-lineman is a rookie. it's him and a bunch of retards i wouldn't trust with a potato gun.
1	happy birthday faggot
1	1) he's a faggot and i don't like him. 2) i'm on the other side of the state.
1	if i cut all my hoes off for u ; we stop talkin , you owe me some new hoes  fym
1	tim tebow got cut from every team he was on in the nfl and he already got more hoes than me in starkville. smh." 
0	deserved victory elite8 awaits your orange army. sweet16 was no disgrace collegehoops ill be back next time hoosiers
1	yo nig your a cheeseball.
1	yall aint gon get a stitch of pussy....
1	 wtf this bitch broke her arm eery time she hit the shit
1	it ain't no hoe in my blood 
0	yeah. great song. just watching the msg concert of 1990 yankee stadium gig.
1	but if you a hoe, do you. i ain't judging you. get it in, but don't hurt someone in the process, be straight up ab it
1	this guy is in here singing negro spirituals n shit
1	that awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it.. like bitch you better back th ...
1	u a nurse rt you a clown boy you music is trash.... i dare you say something back i bury your bit
1	 burnt pussy lips
1	lighting my pretty ass up w them yellow stars lls
1	it baffles me how people talk the upmost trash about someone.. then turn around and be "close". smh people probably do it
0	charlie sheen never disappoints.
1	please no more like that snob elissa. rich bitches suck
0	called charlie baker to concede around 8:15 this morning. she plans to address supporters at 11am. wcvb
1	yall hoes still play around with the wrong shit i see.. smh.
1	u got a twin bed yo bitch ass better not invite her over to yo crib, u better off sleeping on a futon my boy
0	with the birds i share this lonely view..
1	i put it ona bitch make her bang ma set  i gave this hoe dick , i came i left 
0	black americans are worse off under bho well researched article...bound to elicit cries of uncle tom 
1	hoes saying "eyebrows on fleek" .. search it on twitter
0	i'm the trash
0	hi charlie, have a great day
1	too many bitches, not enough adults.
0	pinche panamonos negros me dan asco
1	knew a bad bitch but she was kinda slow
1	i ain't chasin no hoes i got asthma lol...300
0	taco bell is super trash when you're sober
1	a moment of silence for the bitch who changes her name everyday ..:-)
1	iggy's sextape is prolly gon' be trash. the nigga she made it with is ugly.
1	"no bitches " - nan
1	couldn't pull my nigga in ya wettest dreams hoe
1	having hoes fun till you lose that girl that you really wanted over them hoes ..
1	bitch ass
1	i trip on acid not bitches.
1	cants even fool a colored man wit dis bullshit
1	is that kawhi leonard? smh wow u really gonna leak ou.. nvm ion need i fuc nig
1	i'm that type of bitch to tell you i'm on my way knowing i just got in the shower
1	i'm a faggot :/
1	i'm rea start smacking bitches period " bluffin at its best
1	no one goes into psychiatry to help people. those people are all immoral. everyone who works in that field is pure trash.
1	"roberto you are one nasty hoe"
1	boy  some hoes be setting themselves up for failure shit be so funny i'm sleep tho 
1	i'm seventeen years old with a government job, ask me if i give two fucks about the next bitch 
1	dem hoes who swear their pussy priceless but u sell ass all day 
1	haha yeah they do say im a little bitch
1	catch them hoes on.saturday meet me at plano senior high
1	yeah at;t needs to get fucked up with this fuckin water proof galaxy-_- got cheerios slidin down the bitch an shit
1	that shit is for the crows in wal mart parking lots
1	man, i'm wish big booty bytches would use some other nickname other than judy... shy is so typical and old..
1	call me a fag but i love when people turn their heads or look out of their cars when i drive by cause they head me slumpin. bitches love it
1	it goes from babe to bitch i love you to i hate you i need you to fuck you youre my everything to you
1	bobby bitch-by be getting me live as fuck" hell yea i play that hoe before my workout
1	hey, that guy has the same first name that i do what a fag.
0	green grass and tree trash.
1	this bitch bout to make me commit murder 
1	kim k lil sisters some hoes
1	when a bad bitch asks you to come over
1	"you don't want to get treated like a ho, stop dressing like one" "if you want to stop getting treated like a thug.....
0	jamaica populated with island hillbillies. even linguistics are kind of the same, if you sub the accent. olde english derivatives.
1	i love when girls pass up the guys who want something real and to treat them right for the guy who just uses em cuz then they bitch about it
1	if k michelle was apart of baltimore twitter she'd be one of them hoes saying she's celibate smh
1	' i took the bitch down in the set , yo bitch get around in the set , i dicked the bitch down in the set , yo...
1	what would yall do?.....i would act like one of them nd act like we lookin for the same bitch lmao
1	took uber to ; from thr shakey club last weekend. $12 total. cheaper than the $20 parking. had $8 extra to throw at the hoes.
0	this the "i play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos" haircut
1	i need some hoes man real shit
1	if anyone reviews a 5 game loan player you are a cunt shouldnt be doing 5 game reviews especially at the start of fifa
1	in the past week, both paula dean and my uncle lost their jobs for saying "nigger". bullllllshiiiiitttt
1	when you and your boys discover a hoe
1	hes just a friggin idiot that can say anything and his redneck teabagger constituants buy it. they love stupid people
1	im a hoe for forgetting my umbrella
1	stu a rape faced faggot man i'm sick of this nigga
1	stop flattering yourself, bitch. the only fan you have is on your ceiling.
1	women who are feminist are the ugly bitches who cant find a man for themselves
1	pie crust is trash. it be all flaky and dry and shit.
1	tell a girl to "calm down" she'll act like you just kicked her in the pussy
1	i got no pic up lines i stay on my grind i tell a bitch all the time "bitch get in my car " i got my 64 ridin on dayton spokes
1	another movie that's gonna make you question your bitch 
1	females now a days don't like to do anything freaky because . you niggas gossip about it like bitches .
1	bitch your yuck
1	drinking a bitch beer outta a badass kuzie
0	have you hugged a wacko-bird today?
1	fucking coon
1	pause but niggas is bitches tho boy niggaz b so bitch made u cud kiss em n da mouth
0	we can't call somebody wack we got raymond felton lin so trash.
1	brag bout your hoes, you prolly get 0 to no pussy.
1	one loyal girlfriend is worth more than a hundred hoes.
1	i don't love my hoes i love a couple not all 
1	cody is always calling people "nigger". he's a fucking spaz
1	don't give a man the pussy until he gives you a relationship. truth
1	3 | amo los pies fuck yeah
1	this hoe ass ref got hit and fined the fighters
1	this is very annoying to me im gonna vomit out of annoyance bc i am a little bitch
1	possum a hoe ..
1	if your parents let you drink underage, they're fucking retarded and so are you.
1	aka the lonely bitches
1	these hoe niggas havnt seen half of me. 2chainz
1	 you're a coon
1	i wish they made a hoe fax . id be like show me the hoe fax before dateing a girl .
1	that's fucked up when a bitch you fw , down talk you.. then with hoes they claim they don't fw  funny.
1	lmaoo that's a legal tackle faggot seriously?
1	"well..all i can say, is that i fucked hoes and made money"
1	of course the day i nip out with shit hair ; wearing my scruffy/but favourite stolen hoodie is the best time to bump into
1	bobby bitch dropping in five minutes though .... let that sink in 
1	these hoes really out here
1	these bitches think they know snap. ha bitch i am snap
0	yanks have a cocktail called an "irish car bomb", but if you stuck two flakes in an ice cream cone and called it a 9/11 
1	fuck is yaw sayin bitch my hood love me
0	certainlt not the paddies
0	straight off the bench ned worldcup2014
1	so many hoes whipped you would have thought we were still in slavery
1	i put this bitch to shame
1	just a week ago, yall hoes wasn't sucking dick now yall all pros at it huj
1	haha faggot
1	four brothers showed the bitch in a lot of niggas. i would've killed. i would've killed victor sweet if i was one of his l
1	drop dead gorgeous but the bitch ain't dying for a nigga
0	someone at my household wants to die. i get all excited to enjoy a couple of oreos, but someone left only one. one friggin' oreo. 
1	whoooo?? lemme find out a bitch run u haha
1	just annouced to my hoes who i'm drafting first round for cuffing season
1	thanks dumb bitch
0	the ghetto if ud wins tonight:
1	bad ass local bitches
1	don't call my buddy cambron retarded man smh. thats rude.
1	valentines day is just an extra christmas for bitches blood
1	tell that hating ass niggah to shut the fuck up
1	is money over bitches
1	all deze hoes got past demons in em... yolo nigga lol + hahahahaha
1	mannn let bosh hoe ass hit that 3
1	dam this niggah trippin off ecstasy
0	to help eliminate faking injury ; diving - post game video review of dives ; give divers yellow cards after game. wor
1	i hate when a bitch can't take a compliment: "you're so pretty" "no i'm not, i'm ugly" "well shit, you ugly then, damn.....
1	son of a bitch
1	y'all bitches be coming up with some dumb shit... what the fuck is "fleek"? 
1	all these ratchet hoes be on tha same stuff
0	blame it on the yellow chucks lmfao
1	"i'm downloading you a new personality and ordering you a new face you bitch.. i love you.. goddamn it" -axl rose yelling at his sex robot
1	when kennies angry he talks like a ghetto black man and i really don't even think he notices hahahahahahaha i'm laughing 
1	i have zero hoes 
1	the only place i ever ask them to drive me is to the rave for shows and they fucking bitch about that
1	some people are bitch ass niggas ; you should just stay far away from
1	just bc your hair is "laid" or wuteva dont mean nothin. yo shit gotta smell marvelous don't no nigga want a bitch who smell like burnt weave
1	 still can't see what niggers see in them white hoes.... don't do this everrrrrr
1	im the man around this bitch baby check out my wrist watch 
0	when i make the paper ball into the trash can
1	all i need is a 100 million dollars bc i got that bad bitch
1	you girls needa stop with the edits. damn near got catfished a week or two ago and the bitch keeps findin her way back
1	yeah he lowkey loves me he knows he's ma nigga we don't love these hoes
1	wrote the absolute worst paper of my life last week and still got a b+. gotta love taking freshman english retards
1	i lost all my respect for my brother cause you acting like a straight up bitch
1	i swear i saw more then 3 bitches jump this girl 
1	ja zo denkt ieder wel 't zijne over zaken he. ; je mag mij noemen hoe je wilt, ben namelijk erg voor vrijheid van meningsuiting.
1	im nt rey talk about a dumbass bitch thats lost in this world, she really need to be saved at save try it, it wrks
1	them hoes come them hoes go it's a revolving cycle 
1	my tail just said he dropped 20k to pay off the last of his student loans and clams he is broke. nigga u just dropped 20k like its nothing
1	i love these stupid holiday commercials... you thought you were going to get a car? nope bitch you got an ugly ass sweater
0	lololol freddy still have all the birds, doppz still a wet man, harry still on parry, and we salting
1	protestors rally to support teen facing life sentence in pot brownie case smh not for a brownie
1	yeah we can't wrestle, might have to rock bottom you foreal i'm a big bitch and proud lol let me live"
1	as i tweeted before any man telling me to go to the kitchen this season could tell his mom that, father probably wouldn't of left..bitch
1	aye hoe
1	just don't bitch when your power goes out like last time
1	neil, have you heard that scientists have discovered that, in fact, bitches do be trippin?
1	this single shit so boring suck it bitch
1	dtla is trash because of non-europeans are allowed to live there.
1	weed ain't a drug its a fucking herb bitch
1	thanks bruh dont ever forget we still on the look out for these faggots .................................
1	the fact that soulja boy on 2 dif reality shows wit 2 dif bitches..
1	it goes to her ego and her head bc it sholl is big bye bitches
1	wait what? you a faggot if you wear a seat beat
0	the punishment should fit the crime. for instance, if you take the last twinkie you should choke on that twinkie. twinkie's are sacred.
0	dawg, you so trash your momma got charged with littering when she dropped you off for school
1	yall both gimped up??" ain't tht a bitch huh lol
1	well isnt that a bitch 2 wildcards are going to the worldseries
0	eddie lacy rookie of the year well deserved the green ; yellow bumble bee bekuz if he hit ya it's gon stinggreen bay all
1	cause ima blindside the shit outta you niggah
1	you can be skinny and still be ugly stop acting like being thin is beautiful dumb bitch . 
1	work ,nigga fuck work it's friday bitches, fuck friday all about saturday tomorrow will be epic
1	you're a bitch ihy
1	her pussy loves it when i speak in tongues.
1	i hate when bitches think you expect something in return for buying them a cheap ass gift or food. this is my life, let me live
1	ever stay home from school and look at the clock and say yeah those bitches in math right now
1	isn't it funny that the people who call me fat, ugly, a whore, stupid, a cunt, a bitch, etc are the same ones whining abo
1	sprite* hoe
1	hey shawnda.. i'm rich bitch
0	stayin up late to watch ichiro yankees
1	kip tokuda, yellow guy working to niggerize the seattle pd, died. too bad there's another pos hiding in the wings to replace him.
1	i be out that bitch with the quickness
0	i swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me.
1	try to take othot drugs bitch i'm 30'd up
1	i would probably still feel bad if you weren't such a bitch about it...
1	bad bitches only?
1	well,is he gonna take da bitch or naw?
0	forget your typical graduation speech. charlie day manages to be hilarious and inspirational in todays mifvotd:
1	they wouldn't let me use my old picture cause my hair was flawless. the woman at the front desk said i wouldn't have to retake, hatin' hoes
0	nope - got lucky - some washing on the slopes, gonna make it a little rough combining but feeling very fortunate today
1	if u gon be wit ur bae even if he or she cheat just shut the fuck up and take the dick or pussy... after all ain't nothing better then love
1	almost done with this bitch ass room ....
1	bitch please i'm a stud
1	horse racing, bitch.
1	i live in constant fear of being shit on by a bird well this actually fucking happened to me before sooooo. 
1	these hoes got more bodies than a cemetery."
1	the nae nae got to the white ppl it's too late  lmao they ate this hoe stonnaaaaa  naenae
0	someone tell his dreads are part of the uniform. i'd pull your hair too. why are you trash talking? cut your doodoo braids.
1	oh my god i love victoria mitchell" all my bitches love me
1	hell yea,i'm surrounded by hillbillys an real ass rednecks
1	get some orange hoe
1	not about to play these games with this bitch
1	only hoes love me
1	ooh yea getting all hoes
1	when ex girl friends get fat. that's god saying hey man.. you're welcome lmfao  big ole bitch
1	i don't like that bitch.
1	fat bitches got the most pictures
1	colts nation...put yall money upbitch chuassup we was just down 24
1	i feel like slapping a bitch
1	"get your ass back to detroit ya fuckin' wigger"
1	you got niggas ; i got bitches 
1	i tell a bitch, go and get my name tatted on her spine so i can feel good when i'm hittin it from behind
1	that hoe starleasha i heard she give uh nigga good ass education lmao
1	easy bitch how ? lmfaoooooooooo she was my girl 
1	too bad ur a pussy
1	pussy
1	if you was a bitch nigga in 2013 you still gona be a bitch nigga in 2014 
1	summer hoes turning into winter wifeys 
0	radiofreenorthwest 218 covington reads responses ; mocks fbi, andy on real politics, liv on her awakening, gretchen
1	same hoes is still at it, i should've known
1	when she's a straight up hoe but doesn't suck dick.
1	fuck yes we are  triple xp nigguh
1	omg you won't say it to my face stupid ass hoes talkin shit imma whoop her ass *over dramatic teenage girls*
0	stop rt'ing celtics trash please
1	i wish you were here... stop crying bitch i'm omw back already haha
1	im just a bitch ass elf
1	get the fuck over yourself fag. you're an undercover hooker and actually use weave cause you're balding. you are not cute.
0	nope it's just yellow otl
1	slaw ass team time to start dat bitch ova
0	 about the beanies but steal my description but u aren't salty or fake
1	when bout 5 bitches got together and thought of a reason to make they boyfriend claim them
1	i gotta bitch to suck my dick till i nut spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up ain't that a slut
1	for niggas who claim to love pussy as much as y'all do, y'all should be champions for sexual liberation and stigma remov
1	do i have time for these hoes?
1	salute a real nicca
0	explains why they're waving trash bags around over their heads.
1	slut hoethot whore
1	put her in her place cause pussies don't get pussy..
1	when an ugly bitch tells me to text her
1	nice profile pic fag
1	omg 9 more days in exactly a week i'll be in vegas bitches edclv
1	if i see a bitch walking around wearing what rihanna had on ima grab a titty and hoe i dare you to get mad, we can fight ab
1	two dyked fightin over a bitch lol gtfoh
1	i love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem.
0	hey it's hillbilly jim and greg the hammer valentine pffttt
1	yea dem hoes crazy
1	can't keep stooping for these hoes. i know better
1	everybody pregnant . you bitches waste no time
1	a nicca say he ballin ask em where his title n his deeds at not wher his clothes n his keys at
1	the streets ain't going no where. these hoes for everybody. when you got someone real you hold on to them.
1	- you ain't a bad bitch if you got bad habits .
1	if you can stick one finger in your pussy and feel all 4 walls . your still tight 
1	milk marie don't approve to you ugly hoes
0	slack jawed yokel husband
1	i head butted a bitch in the club. lmao she tried to play it off. bitch i know your head hurts
0	your sole purpose is to make money. otherwise you'd suggest violence prevention policies that actually work.
0	so you don't want to see the true life story of american heroes, bizzy, lazy, krayzie ; wish... you wanna watch hillbillies shoot pumpkins
1	yall whitey gots to pay fo da preparations
1	iont got not type ... bad bitches is the only thing that i like
0	good day, honkies. ...i said good day ...honkies.
1	if this ugly to you, you either a gay nigga or a hating ass bitch
1	i remember them bitches lmaoo
1	had to block that bitch. soooo annoying
0	thanks now go clean that trash can ya lil nasty lol
1	both of y'all pussy boa
1	you can buy milk w/ wic guys qtna how yall bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings? 
1	deedee, patrick, ed, sheen, timmy's dad, beavis ; butthead, peter griffin. this is just a list of some mentally retarded cartoon characters.
1	i ain't cuffing no bitch that's out here posting sex gif's but maybe i'm just different
1	trust no bitch wordsofadvice
1	kik me ass hoes got an iphone but its off ass bitches
1	this bitch lmao
1	twitter game is on point tonight btw guys, if you haven't caught on you're full retard.
1	money over the best pussy
0	a smuggler explains how he helped fighters along the "jihadi highway":
1	hoes do hoe
0	thinking about the "boom boom boom waaay ho" video makes me laugh at least once a day.
1	if you still put your pride in front of your feelings .. then yes bitch your still childish
1	let me tell yall....i had a glass of something sweet....this bitch brought me a full glass, im thinking its the same thing and start gulping
0	without serge, the bird chirps. the sun burns, the grass grows, the world turns. the moon glows, the river flows. but i die without serge.
1	i need my pussy ate now
1	when bet now i make sure that bitch is not involved that's 1 thing floyd and pac can agree on she screwed em both
1	2nd and last time i'll ever call you that faggot
1	i'm talkin bout sluts and hoes in general
1	this bitch look like kurt cobain older bro
1	no am real but you a pussy ass nigga so why would i give a fuck what u think lmao just stfu
0	a video an entire media will likely mock. i am such a crybaby
1	fresh polo on you bitches
1	they say life is what you make it bitch but i'm just tryna make it .. straight up
1	you gotta be a really weak bitch to let somebody's tweets offend you ...especially if you never met the person
1	look at that bitch way over there stalking my twitter
1	bitches gone do wat bitches do...300
1	im 60 n i hate elissa, a fake ass cunt
1	bout to beat this case like a pussy nigga 
1	stupid teabagger restaurant making customers pay 'minimum wage fee'
1	omm this bitch dumb ass fuck
1	you little stupid ass bitch i ain't fuckin with you 
1	mufuckas been followin me on this bitch, tho.
1	i love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem 
1	seem like dese bitches ain't loyal
1	i honestly don't understand why men love to bash the women that make them feel good. "she sucked my dick soooo goood. she a ho" -__-
1	sum of u bitches too old for braces....
1	if you know he has a girlfriend don't be that little bitch, respect it and move on.
1	my nigguh
1	cousins looking for bitches i hope the fuck is this?
1	sometimes a good hoe fire needs some rocephin too before it'll go out.....
1	you aint getting no hoes to come back to the room with you if you staying at circus circus bruh
1	*pops that pussy for singles*
1	every bitch was born to break a man
0	lol there's a talking monkey live on the internet will wonders never cease?
1	keep it g i never fucked a squirter bitch 
1	because its retarded. lol jk were the same
1	heat lost. medical marijuana got rejected. rick scott got reelected. i still have no hoes. today's just been a bad day.
1	i know that karma's too real so i hope you doin' cool.. but still stupid ass bitch i ain't fuckin' with you.
1	let's hang out nigger
0	nfl... forgetabout they got until february. it's the pennant race. let's go yanks.
1	but you're still a faggot
1	alright fag what about this?
1	do you expect me to be cute with you? oh, hell no. i'm not a bitch, cuteness gets you planted in a relationship; a relationship you'll hate.
1	in redneck land ;) tennessee
1	that long distance shit wack i knew the bitch was cheating"- uh oh
1	im goin now so be expecting to get slept faggot
1	yo bitch stay lookin like a clown
1	y give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9
1	porn ads be convincing af..."click here and 30 bitches will appear in your bed" you damn right ima click that shit nigga
0	oh no are you saying the democrats lost the teabagger vote? lmao bobble head morningjoe
1	i'm mature enough to eat pussy when it's time too, eating ass is just disrespect.
1	bitch stop thinking ur entitled to politically correct responses...bitch
1	no bitch i had to use my whipers
0	i starting laughing "worked out"...not b/c i think its funny that you work... *throws phone in trash over butchered subtweet
1	yo bitch choosin just letr
0	yea so about 's new friend.. all my friends kno they're only allowed one cute darkie friend n that's me lol
1	you don't know me but i got a whole video of you sucking the life out of my pussy bye stranger 
0	85 species of birds reported in chesterfield for the great backyard bird count. how many in your area?
1	i respect those niggas who respect their girls ; dont pay them hoes no attention . salute to you
1	lmfao thats dead them hoes gotta pay
1	ur one to talk bitch
1	i'm never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys. cause i was once that female your boys put you on
1	lmao hell yea.. i love thick bitches ; thick bitches love fat niggas.
1	98 civic lx "stick" green with shitty paint on some beaner ass wheels with 180k miles no ac and no insurance how's that?
1	every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch but not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch
1	when you first walked in the door at that party you saw a big booty hoe  name ?
1	lmaooooooo ain't fuckin no bitch with doo doo in her butt while i'm foreplaying, the fuck
0	i'm trash
1	doing her thang for you shoutout that real bitch
1	i still think he is a pussy haha
1	lmao on the play getting pussy is so easy when they believe you're omar epps's brother or the steelers head coach's son.
1	krakin this bitch ipem at 12... who sippin wit me... elements
1	ur pussy smell like dumpster juice 
1	my ex just wanted a reason to continue to be a whole hoe outchea and tried to make me feel bad for a comment from a thirsty.
1	if you ain't a hoe, get up out my trap house .
1	invite me on your show, you lying pussy. "republicans are afraid of me. they don't want to talk to me." - 
1	just start blocking dissenters, you coward pussy. patiently awaiting a drop in my twitter followers. nothing yet.oh well.
1	u feel like dumb ass don't u pussy boy
1	dr. suess made his own words to rhyme off of. nigga was trash. i hated them books as a kid.
1	shimmy shimmy ya bitch
1	yeen no real nicca if yeen got no porn sites n your internet history
1	bitch crib while she cooks me cheesed eggs
1	prediction- "obama will leave the democratic party in shambles " oh gosh, i hope so payback really is a bitch
1	my playlist goes something like this smoke tracks for my niggas reggaeton/bachata for the bitches and slow jams for that lucky lady
1	fxck outta here hoe 
0	udonis talking some big trash to lance. lebron holds him back.
1	michael sam being cut further proves that we fags don't belong in football or nfl, it is a heterosexual sport for heterosexuals.
0	(via
1	sorry fo da rant. it make me mad and ashamed to be colored. i wish i be white so y'all would like me
1	you fat hoes need to exercise and diet
1	me and my nigguh stay doin it
0	u both sorry to give racist a platform w his trash language dana ur intvw was below kindergarten level
1	fuck those faggots
0	mcrib buns contain a chemical "azodicarbonamide" which is also used to make yoga mats ; soles of shoes
1	aye bitch try this
1	god wrote em now think again coon
1	dallying is for bitches, bro. i dilly, exclusively.
1	round 3 on you hoes chitown sb2014
1	these bitches be pretty ; stupid
1	this nigga on the train treating his bitch over the phone lmao
1	u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy"no bs must b &gt;30%chance
1	we both have hella hoes but i swear all i want is you
0	there is a bird here on the ground and it's still alive i can't believe it
1	the thing about working with black people. these bitches never on fucking time then wanna complain about a short check. bitch die.today. now
1	1, 2, 3, 4, 5 im too drunk to walk, lets drive. i got bitches with me all night and the party dont start 'til the drugs arrive loaded
1	one thing i always tell my lor cousins big cousins my bitches ;; niggah u always gonna be good regardless
1	bitch smd
1	the same hoes is still at it
1	putin making look like a bitch on foreign policy.
1	oh you one of those stuck up bitches 
1	i figured i was just shocked out hoe old that tweet was lol
0	i get paid too chill. share the wealth lil nicca
1	all i wanted was 100 million dollars and a bad bitch. but now i want 200 and a mnage in my palace
1	stunt on these hoes like
1	"remy machiavelli send shots to ya belly"  my bitch 
0	when mary asked him about it, said "the part you eat is white-you throw the yellow away"
1	see your pussy ; personality gotta be trash if a nigga stopped talking to you after sex
1	i'm sick and tired of faggot cages trying to see how long before moses kills a royal.................. worldseries barrybonds jokes
1	' i'm that niggah you can show out in public babbbbbbyyyy  lol
1	this bitch got arrested on her wedding night for ordering $650 worth of food and didnt pay.. shouldve ate the 2 for 20 at applebees.
1	have a seat drunk bitch rko
0	all my so whitey bois gone ride
1	up early on dat good dope wit my niccas
1	i hate when bitches be like "i love him so much 11/2/2012&lt;3"
1	oh you spelled give wrong psh thought i'd be a bitch
1	fuck all you hoes who keep giving my number to these colleges lmao
1	target got them high class hoes
1	no less than 3 bad bitches in my bed at a time...
1	sometimes you gotta settle for an average lookin bitch wit a good personality just to prevent yourself from gettin cheated on
1	ugly white bitch
1	that ios8 gon get yall bitches fucced up . trynna hide shit
1	you better work bitch
1	bands will make her dance , stamps will make her twerk , if romney becomes president , these hoes will have to work.
0	new show announced in lutsen, mn at papa charlies on december 11, 2010
0	eggnog trash
1	we need to pile some hoes in the back of ross' car
1	2 beer queer
1	can you really take dick or nah? can i bring another bitch or nah?
1	dudes taking "selfies" aint cute. .... ya pussies
1	i kinda miss tremper i use to be threw dat bitch lol never in class lmao
1	team no hoes 
1	you women. and when you getting money the hoes gone come so how does that sound gay ? rather make money anyday
1	boys dont wanna seem like bitch thats why they dont express feelings like us females do
1	what you gonna do if she cheat ? cry ? fight for her ? no kick that bitch out and go straight to tootsies
1	it's never about the hoes he's entertaining , it's always about the fact that he's entertaining these hoes
1	bad foreign bitch she a walkin ferrari
1	fresh razor blades in my goth bitch stocking
1	whatever turn them hoes on z-ro ain't gone get the bitch wet
1	that bitch who the shit in yo eyes aint shit in my eyez +
1	slut. specky. albino lesbo. wannabe player. dwarf. coolcunts absoluteyvile
1	this nigga said you aint going through shit you just need sum dicc good try hoe, its been a while but its really sum shit going down.
1	did this bitch really just ask me do i have a badge to be in this building while going to my floor. white people just don't change at all.
1	*pregnant crazy bitch wus the answer we were looking for...
0	when will joe stop telling pbo how to do his job? you couldn't even keep a job in teabagger florida. morningjoe
1	i'm sippin on patron nigga , my bitch bad to the bone nigga . she fucked up , i'm fucked up , she like " how we gon get home nigga ? "
0	this is how you honor native americans. changethename httr
1	faggots
1	nuh uh still counts. im only a hoe on twitter, bae
1	go buy them bitches
1	especially dem souf niccas, dat shit was outrageous
1	never argue with a bitch that's at the bottom of the food chain. 
1	i be in the pussy like
1	naw bitch you goin against a monster lol lyrical maniac
1	dcc bitches knocked out on the grass
0	you speak colored too? i thinks i be in love
1	and smoke weed in public, fuck cops man, do what you wanna do, they don't own you, run if they come" are you retarded?
1	in my opinion lhha is a spot on description of how some of atlanta is. dumb hoes and niggas, ratchet broads, and stupid arguments.
1	the bitch in the purple shorts and aqua beats
1	right idk which one was selling pussy for $65 but thats way too high for them
1	give me head and kiss to nigga you a eww bitch
1	nooo i am....lmfao and don't bitch me ya bitch
1	amennn if your girlfriend doesn't like that bitch, you don't talk to that bitch"
1	give me credit lil bitch
1	kangaroo jac a bitch wit dry weave fuck i look like hoe
1	unk just said "bitches hit the bottle and they pussy start snappin" lmao
1	5wordsaftersex is that all pussy bitch?
1	i'm tryna get some snow day dick gon make a nicca have a wreck out there tryn pull up on ya 
1	if only my new local mall wasn't so ghetto
0	i know right. get one guy out man you had one job, outman yankees
0	hoi, fai moke hau
1	when a chicks head is weak i just close my eyes and imagine me giving a bad bitch like zoe saldana back shots so i can get my nut off
1	nigga what u talkn bout?? tell them hoes get on they dj unk shit if they ain't sucking, walk it out
1	your opinion is irrelevant because youre a cunt.
1	you're trash.
1	don't play with my emotions. i gotta make some bla$t $plash when i get back.. that hoe will have you gone.
1	i give a shoutout to these bitches b/c they hustlas too 
1	her pussy sweeter then some fresh fruit  she gushin i drink the best juice 
1	i can't stop being a lil bitch
0	my nicca drake gear game is all bad lol
1	i swear dis hoe doinv this grown n sexy challenge look like a lightskinned gremlin.
1	miss you bitch
0	they love me at the place i bring my car to.....i don't know why spanish men love me... sometimes i do look like a guala though lol
1	lil wayne has fucked every bad bitch in the game
1	this bitch just texted me baby baby you miss me
1	victorias real secret? five nipples and a sideways vagina.
1	im mad james let me drink that shit... payback is a bitch
1	just cleaned this bitch. boyfriendstruck clean insideandout ram1500 tookforever nofliter
1	i bet if we took a twitter cencus it'd be at least 35% basic ass bitches
1	faggot
1	no it ainn bitch
0	charlie crist leads rick scott in a florida governor's race where every vote will matter
1	yea cuh a bitch fuc donald sterling .. cuhz pimpin tho
1	fear the queer
1	i think these bitches tryna set me uuuuhhuuhhhhhp
1	 bitches get stuff done.
1	if dey go to linch together, she gon eat that pussy befo they come back....
1	when yall got the same baby mama and realize that bitch is the real enemy
1	neither does your fucking cat, pussy.
0	don't yell at me, i love both of the evolutionary lines. despises the trash buddies.
0	free patterns - adorable crochet borders butterfly, ladybug, flower bumblebee and hat edging, trim,
0	you and me having twitter bird shaped pancakes that would just be a start
1	it's not till later hoe unless your having a sleepover...awk
1	if no bitches texting u right now
0	jm sorry to hear this i'm going to chipotle for the first time. it better not be trash.
1	can't wait till my bitches get here 
1	how to deal with cyber bulling: 1:log out 2:go outside 3:that's it,stop being a pussy
1	i'm on a boat bitch
1	ross a bitch for not responding
1	sexy ass bitch eating a fry
1	most relationships end because bitches wanna take advice from their lonely ass single friends 
1	bitch shut the fuck up goddam your a slut bitch whore nigga
1	not fair you're still a faggot -.-
1	oi ya big boring cunt, kubrats a comin'...
0	stay warm  beanies sweaterweather booty4ever
1	coons and monkeys like you disgust me, you minstrel show negro. crying about shit all the time you're a disgrace everywhere
1	she said pop can u make it rain i said bitch i'm a water bearer i bring da flood i'll make you drown
1	what class you in right now? i need my headphones for seventh period i'm serious bitch ass.ms.trophenboum
0	gotta keep the sox down while they're down redsox yankees mlb
1	white bitch?
1	you gotta fuck every race just to see which dick/pussy you like the best. thot
1	same reason u look like anthony davis with them why the fuck do niggers act so different when girls are around?:-s"
0	i have so many questions about that sex tape. i love love love me some mimi and if that thirsty dude releases it, he's trash
1	crazy bitch, i like the way you ride this dick
1	"i dont have hoes" 
1	lol wait a minute, im seeing mad dope costumes.. yall stop trying to steal halloween back from the hoes
1	i know ya friends tellin u, leave me for good, but fuck them hating ass hoes babe
1	this niggah better remember to bring his sperrys
1	i texted u fag
1	just to remind yall, cuz hoes be acting like they don't know
1	bucket trash all you bitches is my sons 
1	your what's wrong with the white race you fuckin coon slaying piece of poop please die alone
1	always down patty never been a pussy 
1	look at them hoes, man fuck them hoes niggah lets get smoked
1	i've seen every episode of scrubs ever. sense the first episode niggah
1	my personality test results basically say "bitch you is crazy".
1	the fuck das wat bitches wit uh fuckd up mouf do 
1	police just tried to rodney king a nigga...happen to my nig out here
0	kim kardashian had a baby...in more important news, i took out the trash last night.
1	notice i didn't tweet "bytches".... bytch is different from bitch.... my logic... and it werks...
1	cuz ur a sellout bitch fag
0	tonight starts the road the super bowl for the here we go brownies here we go woof woof browns2014draft
1	' broke tf outta this niggah at 24  he stopped playen defense and all
1	i just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me - drizzy lol
1	i bet this hoe pussy juices look like spoiled chocolate milk 
1	you know what fuck you too bitch your such a little hoe &gt;.&lt;
1	i know im so kidding. some of bet is funny. i love when blacks call eachother ignorant and niggers. makes me not have to
1	white boy talmbout ight i'll see you tomorrow at school nigger
1	she tried to get you to rob the wop but now the bitch in critical
1	 now bitch you know.. lmaooo
1	norbit mad as a bitch lmfaooooooo 
1	some people are handed a bar of gold and all they can do is bitch about how heavy it is.
1	got like 10 hoes  3 baes 
1	when you give all ya hoes up for that one girl and it don't work out
1	so does my juicy pussy
1	uhhh you've been judged it happens. whitepower...i'll hang you nigger wo
1	lol damn. just thought i'd let you know. my dad was going super saiyan ape shit.
0	hey i'm gonna get some sort of bird tattooed on my body, accompanied with an anchor/rope situation. no one's doing that right now, right?
1	niggas trash af
1	stfu white trash
1	get on your shit hoe.
1	"go talk to your other hoes"
1	dj khaled is retarded
1	then this bitch singing sounds like a horse being choked
1	i told that little bitch ass nigga, "do it look like i'm about to eat your gun charge?" i'll slap you and your hoe ass lawyer.
1	hahahaha do it bitch make her fall in love  should i? 
0	piers morgan to charlie sheen: you were taking cocaine charlie sheen: i wasnt taking it. i had to pay for it. via ...
1	when your side bitch tries to hug you in public
1	90% of niggas goofy and act like bitches you aint lyin
0	ltimahora el republicano charlie baker elegido gobernador de massachusetts. election2014 apracecall
1	"if having hoes excite you, you still a lil nigga" 
0	happy birthday bird
0	i am a strong believer that birds of a feather flock together
1	nigga wanna bitch about a party y'all know my address knock at my door
1	"he a bitch for hitting that hoe" 
1	no comparison the beatles are a bunch of cunts, but the band that matters the most is the faces imo. stones second.
1	bitch didn't we just discuss this shit yesterday what time faget
1	dumb nigguh
1	  bow wow look like the stress of saving a hoe is wearing him down
0	no cuz redskins are dumpster juice game of the week. still the best rivalry in sports
1	shut yo cracker jack buck teeth ass am a native and a nigga the best kind
1	 "omg lil b followed me yassss" bitch he follow everybody shut yo ass up
1	niggas gossip like bitches.. but yet they be the "realest niggas" tho? i don't understand..
0	skin diamond really was the last champion for ebony porn. everything else is kinda trash now.
0	the last at-bat at yankee stadium. thanks for making it a good one, captain. farewellcaptain.
1	time for bed peace bitches
0	j cole ain't trash... period.
1	hoe *
1	oh totes girl. i'm also blasting mayday and wearing an oversized hoodie. get at me queer
1	i be stalking hoes :)
1	when all yo hoes hit you up at da same time..
1	you like men faggot.
1	1) we are not the cubs 2) we are not the pirates 3) we damn sure ain't no f***ing cardinals. who cares abo
0	currently being hit with the jig. word.
1	sounds like a bad bitch.
1	hoes all on my bandwagon, your bitch gaggin, she jet laggin. a$ap
1	ol heads always think a young nicca gon runoff wit they sacc
1	fuck no she dont let nobody hit that pussy either i know it's firm
1	i got every reason to feel like i'm that bitch
1	fuck you bitch shrimp shorty midget dwarf infant jk
1	if you don't cat tweets, you're just a big pussy
0	when you try to tell grandpa that 70s music was trash
1	ig be the bid bitches an these dumb ass faces lol
1	hahaha high school what a joke more like fake bitches an dumb niggas gather here
1	if you love somebody, you can't cheat, have hoes, do certain shit cause them limits type shit.
1	you're such a faggot
1	sean kingston look like a facebook dyke
1	whoever jumps in on a 1on1 is a bitch.
1	"these hoes ain't loyal"
1	shut your bitch ass up. you got something to say about me, mention me. peezy eyed bit
1	they probably hate me even more because not only do i look white (when i'm technically a poc), but i have white hair now i'm double cracker
1	and you thought a camera would steal your soul. shut the fuck up, you stupid twat.
1	mom : dont call a girl a bitch. that's somebody's daughter,sister,niece... me : and somebody's bitch too
1	' hate a female that got the mentality of a niggah .
1	and when i say doh doh doh doh bitch that be kdot
1	if she's always been a dyke she's a virgin. no way around that. her first time eating box don't take her virginity.... 
1	gotta put it back in rotation ain't heard u say..."you lil stupid ass bitch" in a minute fam u slackin lol
0	so politico says rney will win and then goes after gallup for doing the same thing. lmao at you teabaggers morningjoe
1	bored as hell." shoulda answered my phone calls bitch i rather be bored.
1	you only bully people you know you can. why you ain't do this in the playoffs bitch?
1	if i got something to say to you, ill you, until then, dont be concerned about my tweets, bitch.
1	the nicer you are, the easier you're hurt. so just be a bitch
1	put your tits back in your shit bitch
1	you got niggas and i got bitches.
0	all good things must come to an end, that's all right get 'em tomorrow yankees
1	when i be seein yall runnin back and forf to woyke and shit i be thankin jesus i is colored
1	omg bitch buy a dildo and stfu
1	no you threatened us bitch? don't try to make it what it's not 
1	my sincerest apologies my main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple
1	i bet i fuck yo bitch tho
0	new nashville noise loves burgers, honky tonks, and grabs a pizza.
1	dearfeministmen there are easier way to get pussy w/out sacrificing your man hood...best of all they dont include losing ur self respect
1	go to sleep you fag
1	fuck you we have y'all faggots next
1	ima beat yo lil young ass quick plyin hoe
1	my dogs man i remember ok girl text my phone on they bs squads was ready deep thenna bitch ready to go
1	fuck dyslexia is an bitch
1	bro this bitch really stood there and was like you gonna give me my penny?
1	n then the hoe sooooo ugly like bitch you ugly dog like dumb stupid ass ugly like 
0	why get attached to people when you can jump in a trash can and feel the same way
1	bruh, you studs keep thinking i'm soft as hell. ask ya girl how many times she screamed she was my bitch. oh okay. stfu." bye hoe
1	and on the 7th day god said "these hoes are for everybody"
1	this dyke is grabbing a handful of imagination
1	"bitches ain't shit but hoes with tricks"
1	whys this bitch boosting herself her size isn't exactly the most healthy tho
1	good pussy have a nigga like funniest thing i've ever seen on my tl 
1	hustling aint for everybody either .. jus like certain niccas can't hoop or play football certain niccas can't hustle
0	he may be the president but that doesn't necessarily mean he's in the sole position of power in regard to making such decisions.
1	you unfollowed me? you dumb cunt jk..i don't blame you.
1	; straight  to each his own but these hoes weak
1	chicks wait til their hair is all broken down to go natural in their 30s, but bitch about the young carter's fro from birth
0	hope she's larger than a bird.
1	 when a dyke get pregnant by mistake &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	nigger
1	i will neva sleep on a pussy
1	that's real dedication. .. this bitch got diarrhea and still here, shitting up the bathroom.
1	a female "cock block" is called a "clam jam."
1	for you bitch niggas out there 
1	lame mcs still let hoes in stilettos play them those hoes nothin to us we aint pimps but they still cant press this average
0	epic mickey time? nahh.. two and a half men while i shiver. tht sounds more like it.
1	ion put shit pass a bitch
1	damn i'm in da mood to eat sum pussy who got it fresh on a platter for me teamfluffnevabluff
1	 bitch lol
1	damn it wigga 
1	perfect vision....me, my niggs, mas hoes, mas clicquot, mas dom p, mas moet, "my type of party" blasting out a cali condo
1	repost . "kush blunt convos"?? a simple minded ho made this pic i bet
1	hey, fuk them hoes they prolly already have it
1	happy birthday bad bitch
1	my body thought we'd get an extra hr sleep but my brain decided to wake up 2 hrs earlier. my brains a bitch.
0	you are hairy like a monkey. : p
1	ya bitches luv throwing bread crumbs on the ground and complain about the pigeons who come flocking towards ya
1	fag but tony :(
1	it the principle of the matter bitch 
1	i'm dry humping hoes tonite bussin on they costume so they man deal wit em later. somebody girl gettin fucked tonight"
1	' cause these hoes ain't loyal these niggas ain't either  , when it go down you callin for hitters that you...
1	my duck got big as fuck. yes, duck, like the bird.
1	and if you ain't a ho, get up out my trap house
1	photo: happy friday bitches kimorablac
1	bad bitches get in free night at weenie hut jrs
1	bitch and the fuck u wanna do about then nigga stfu talking and do something
1	a bitch like you need to get fucked right every night
1	i feel sorry fo niggas dat gtta make up shit to lie about. i would hate to have to think that fuckin much.bitch
0	muslim group slaughters 43 children in nigerian school, children burned alive, shot ; slit throats tried 2escape..
1	yeah yo girlfriend a bitch. i hope she got the hives.
1	bring yo bitch ass whith em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up
1	mother fuck everything you got going on today because i'm going to vegas in a few hours, bitch.
1	$3 bud lites and $4 well shots at the bar tn, plus i'm giving away a trip to las vegas. so if you're not a cunt come visit me at bourbon st
0	pancakes trash
1	this bitch crazy
1	really does talk like a buck nigger
1	like keke say real niggas got a heart too it just take a real bitch for him to show it
1	lightweight, heavyweight don't matter. still knock bitches out 
1	get this bitch off my tv bruh
1	fuck the courts how is a $35 fine add up to $445 mf dollars bitch??
1	when bae calls "chinese food" in your phone and your side hoe answers in a chinese accent ; takes your order..
1	jesus walks bitch
1	johnathan martin is a straight up pussy. manup
0	another season of retweeting every one of 's yankee tweets 
1	' y'all like sayin money don't buy happiness , but name a niggah sitting in a lambo crying ?
1	stop giving these hoes half azz dick plow it deep make her scream nd cream
1	my inner nigger is coming out
1	omg bruh said this bitch look like a female jb smoove lmao
1	nick when the men are talking sit your bitch as in the corner and listen to this grown fo
1	i'm tryna face fuck kesha, you bitches bringin beef i'll get the lettuce n ketchup
0	pretty over this whole yankees thing, id rather lose in the alcs every year then live in detroit.. i miss the real steinbrenner glorydays
1	what lonely hoe made this?
1	yeah i'm small den a hoe
1	i thought it was legal to beat yo hoe
1	ahhh stupid bitch
1	i'm a get money nigga so da hoes love me
1	we use to sneak up on them cats back in wood hollow and ceelo ranch and toss they ass in the pool lil bitches
1	some of the ice melted in my car cause the dumb fuck at 7/11 decided he wanted to strike up a conversation wit a fat ugly bitch smfh
0	"lol, cripple" - wendy davis. scientists create remote-controlled chick to study shy penguins
0	i thought it was raining because of the sound on the roof but it was just birds exploding from the heat.
0	i wanna eat weed brownies but then i ask my self if i really wanna spend countless hours watching a documentary on sea tu
1	twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussy/sold pussy on backpage
1	i made you bitch
1	fix the fucking snipers you retarded piece of shit. fucking overpowered as fuck. they aim down faster then ...
1	bitch dat was a low blow
1	what was that you tweeted? i can't concentrate enough to read it over all your sad-looking boob and pussy pics. -men, prob
1	the ghetto thuged out version of tree of life coming soon...
1	i dont shit talk, i chip talk, dese niggaz jus bitch talk, dese niggaz jus chik stalk, naw i aint got no chik...
1	col. sanders, part 2: "...and those sons of bitches they dragged it out and extended it and watered it down that im so goddamn mad"
1	what if pussy treated condoms like cars treat seatbelts and kept beeping until u put it on? 
1	hide ur bitches or else
1	goodnight my real nigga/bitches
1	that bitch mouth made the honor roll
1	i think all dem hoes on lahhh regular....
1	if the faggots can have a page y cant they?faggots offend me more than them
1	i cannot be worried 'bout no bitch cause i know a bitch could be somewhere sucking a dick (ayeeee)
1	is having a birthday so make sure you tell that bitch be happy.   ; celebrate without drugs 
1	bitch shutcho got damn mouf hoe mallett ain't gon help yo funky ass texans
1	i got soo many funny pictures from yesterday  bitches was fucced
1	so many bitches in one sentence fixitjesus
1	yeah lil nigga i was homecoming king and still been getting bad bitches as u see 
1	shut up bitch and focus on that l tomar
1	stfu hoe and fucking answer me before i smack the shit outta you and your faggot aunt.
1	def not cowboy lol terrell owens was the best eagle ; cowboy ever" ..dude cried like a bitch on tv, over romo
0	hoosier fans, is cody zeller nominating for this years nba draft? iubb
1	i'm turning into a heartless bitch.
1	thoughts of her were good from sight and the worst when she opened her mouth.moral of the story is they look sweet but these hoes sour bruh.
1	i'm finna quit this bitch irratating me frfr i'm sick of this shit let me start job huntin now
1	fuck that. she better laminate my face. youre a grown man and think eating pussy is emasculating?
0	i've read the hunger games 12 times i am trash
1	stay home then bitch fuck u
0	you can't see it but i'm flipping you the bird
1	julie tell them crybaby blacks to get someone blk. and dress them up white faced......niggers always whining
1	asking the gov't to cure healthcare is like asking retards to cure down's.
1	night bitches. 
0	i was gone once, dog ran a coon up the transformer pole, she picked it off with one shot-and still had electricity
1	"bitch"
0	anyone bring in a monkey.
1	if a bitch would everrrrrrr
1	ol rachet ass bitch
1	hoes be getting loose then move to other cities once everybody finds out they a hoe lol.
1	i can be a sweetheart honestly, but being a bitch is my specialty
0	they trash
0	cuz if it's trash i'm bashing it at saying he need to go back to jail
0	jihadi rehab needs to account for the unpleasant fact that it's the worst behaviors that *attract* participants.
1	i likes yo page. i wants to make da lovin to a white girl wit a colored man watchin and pullin his weenis
0	in hopes of recruiting more women, isis opens jihadi finishing school
1	nasty hoe
1	seeing so many basic bitches rn
1	pussy put yo ass to sleep now i'm calling you nyquil
1	"at least i'm not a nigger" lmfao
1	spiked that bitch damned nailed her down
1	tia chepa... uhh noo bitch she is your tia irma  aghh he's so annoying
0	come on man oreo needs to chill rt you know about these good or nah?
1	you have your nips pierced too ? 
1	fuck da bulls and your trash ass music nigga fuck da cavs
1	you never invite me anywhere, yet you bitch about it when i do it to you? no.
1	today i told a woman that she was the quintessential embodiment of sexual femininity. how am i not drowning in pussy?
0	michael pineda hides pine tar...on his neck fact that the yankees cheat  go red sox boston
0	idk how people can just not have a job and stay at home all day watching tv, it was so boring for me to do it 2 days idk ho
1	confident in one way, pussy in another. so strange
0	my mother be on some trash man  i ask her everyday, you need/ want some money? she say "naw i'm good" but come payday
0	carne asada, gallo pinto, tajadas verde, queso frito and a salad with milca
1	"i know that shit eatin grin you either just fucked the girl of your dreams or you sold a car. we know you're a faggot. what'd you sell?"
1	what these bitches want from a nicca .. 
1	shut the fuck up fag ill beat the shit outta you
1	get that degree first bitch
1	all 3 :) haha. because i'm thinkingofyou and your dirtylove sexxy bitch
1	jazz jumbo dick corporations. making bitches tap out since 1999
1	never snapchat will bishop. he is a screenshotting son of a bitch
1	chiefs fans are the only ones that claim my takes are wrong about dogshit trash quarterback alex smith.
0	r-surge for charlie baker-r of 9 points in demo-state mass against coakley-d dog via
1	they bout to try and hoe you next
0	put the redskins in your starting lineup instead of the dolphins...it'll be fun they said.
0	your opinion plz. when election over will there be any improvement or will bo still be allowed to trash america?
1	so i decided to drive to the good walmart where the colored folks don't go bc it's food here.
1	tail light out not giving a fuck rollin up on a bitch wit da head lights off
0	sheeze a yellow bone
1	lol at bitches thinking kanye is the perfect man because he opened the car door for his wife.. you bitches don't know wtf y'all need..
1	i won't love you, i can't love you unless that pussy got some super powers
1	goligoski must bleed. he should also leave via ambulance. i guess sill is the closest thing they have at a mcgrath. hit that bitch.
1	shout out to all you girls that wear those holy cross leggings but got a pussy thats full of sin
1	i never met a faithfull bitch
1	them same hoes that was fucking my dick turn on me lol fuckem tho
1	bitch i'm me..... so who u???
1	like god damn you dirty bitch
0	why do visiting teams whine about right field as if it is longer for their batters. yankees yankeestadium
1	finally mellie got some back bone. i might like her this season. 1976 pussy scandal
1	a fat bitch &gt; a strong black woman &gt; kim&gt;kourtney&gt;kendall&gt;khloe&gt; kylie
1	 boa i'm trying see if that bitch was going or not . me ; vick stay agru about he don't get hoes
1	i can't be worried bout no bitch cause that bitch could be somewhere sucking dick
0	pnd is my jigga man.
0	basically, gop, romney, right wing reactionaries, drudgies, teabaggers, libertaritards, all hate our education system and teachers.
0	omg the cutest little tinker bell ever 
0	wtf is flappy bird are you kidding me
1	bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks thuglife
1	on my way to fuck yo bitch me as a 9 year old
1	she gay he gay she a hoe she pregnant he sell drugs they smoke weed they drunk who cares? leave people alone its 
1	i text my ex my new bitch pussy wetter
1	cheers to you, you stupid bitch.
1	aw man, that bitch she go hard.. put it on me i'm like "oh lord"... no panties, baby, no bra
0	redneck tow truck. johndeere 4455 america
0	jihadi john beheader of journalist foley and sotloff was 'arab charity collector' via
1	hoes be prayin niccas dnt kno dat background
0	one scout said prado is "first team most underrated." gives the yankees a 2b through 2016, could slide to 3b if needed too.
1	what do you mean nice try? i'm right nigga. you a faggot. if you wanna argue bout anything else continue
1	it might be infected niggas would really turn that pussy down ? buggin
1	girls be 6'0 talking about "catching feelings" bitch you need to catch this td pass i'm about to throw you smh
0	jay-z and bey they will never be..jus trash
1	you're such a fake bitch. i cannot stand you. if you read this and wonder if its about you, it probably is.
1	where the fuck were you this summer bitch?
1	now all the hoes bout to post "the saints lost but im still cute" pics on the gram 
1	i stick up for my fam. don't disrespect the pouch my nigguh. and awe ily2
0	fairy fun - losing her wings doesn't mean there aren't other ways to fly? asmsg, erotica shortstory
1	i blatantly believe that men look creepy as shit with a ghetto ass mustache
0	want to go get this brownie, i'm stuck doe.
1	ion like doll face hoes
1	what in the mother fuck is flappy bird?
1	bears game today bitches not to mention, lean and bud before the train ride lol :) goodday
0	a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song. maya angelou poetry writing
1	fuck that niggah he so weak he cant tell that you a freak
1	the far left looks the best if you ask me, bitches try too hard. just be yourself, especially if you're thick
1	i be seein you bitches in the whip wit your boyfriend but he be lookin like your dad so i be eye ballin, then here comes ole salty ass bf
1	sick of hearing ap kids bitch about their "oh so poor" 4.2 gpa. no one cares.
1	is you ready bitch , cause my hair laid. yours?
1	nobody cares you fucking fag damn you bring bitches water even though youre thirsty as fuck  fucknigga
1	im going to murder that fucking cunt
1	i don't likes dat magazine. all da black folk look like dey one chromeasome away from da ape
1	main reason why i aint got no girl cause i aint never found not 1 bitch who tryna get money wit me all y'all hoes like
1	when niggas say they like latinas they don't mean you fat bitches that smell like fajitas
1	*does backflip* thissssssss you niggas switch up your opinions like faggots
1	let's see how this goes  lol i'm using my coupon haha kik, dm, text, or if ya down tweet that hoe lolololol
1	i fuckin hate this bitches voice omg
1	that bitch crazzzy  1976 pussy, fixit scandal
1	love you more, than those bitches before. say you'll remember, baby, say you'll remember. i will love you until the end of time. 
1	paige better text a bitch lol
1	all y'all some hoes tbh
1	ion like the ho cause she talk to mf much with ha real butt ugly ass dumb young ass ho 
1	gabby's a bitch ; turned on my xbox with her nasty foot..
1	hahahaha youza fuck wigger
1	you bitch -.-
1	you bitches be pretending to be tf crazy.." you ain't never lied...
1	ain't that a bitch.
0	'eff it, let's go after the cripple: you have to see wendy davis' new attack ad [video]
1	hell yea went from i love you to fuck you and that basic bitch
1	facebook needs these 3 buttons: "dislike", "who cares", "are you retarded?"
1	hoes
1	she look like a tranny
0	tonight. my sole purpose is to be thoroughly intoxicated. night off and no class in the am. maybe i deserve it
1	omfg this tattoo hurts like a bitch painful
1	pussy.
1	bitch im dead  them heauxs gon put balloons in a corner ; take pics talkin bout "we in v.i.p"
1	these bitches will set you up the moment you stop fucking with them and they mad
1	you bitches are so inconsiderate smh
1	talk about me behind my back i hate that pussy shit.
1	idc. i can still get it. that's my pussy
1	that annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you.. like move, bitch..
1	"he wanna be my nigga, but i'm just trinna be his savings account "  omg imma funny ass bitch man, but that's real shit 
1	happy birthday to the biggest retard out there. youre my favorite retard though happy birthday nigs
1	still can't see what niggers see in them white hoes....
1	that bitch ain't loyal.
0	omg i don't even know where kimlau sq is...i would been like,"look a bird" then ran for the hills lol
1	i can't with these second class bitches
1	how bout them cowboys" shutup pussy
1	brie said "we were together since before we were born." you guys are twins.. duh bitch. omg who wrote the script? bellatwins
1	i don't know why i go on that pancake face bitchs twitter. she gets me tight every time
1	twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet , they need instagram jail for hoes doing shout out for shout out all fucking d
1	300 bitch we hot, we done took flight
1	lowkey got a fan of my hoop skills at lbcc aha he my niggah now lol
1	i was laughing at a joke about 9/11 big different bitch.
1	smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music i bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit "
0	my bf loves crows. thought he might enjoy the last tweet
0	highhhhh watching dawn of planet of the apes stonernation lifecomplete
1	ross text me back you twat
1	a nicca need a maid str8up
1	money ova bitches i'm yellin it ta da grave developed at ah young age, go afta wat pays 
1	fruit 2 o? who tf does wohs think they are trynna serv a nigguh dat lame shit
1	i never seen a asian or chinese bitch pregnant ..shit i throught they kids just spawn like call of duty 
0	this being too sick to function is for the birds i was starting to feel slightly better earlier,now i feel like death again
1	lmfao sorry bitch, no one likes you wes
1	lmao little does this bitch know...
0	did seriously steal my halloween oreos ? 
1	look. call me chubby. call me a dumb stoner. say i'm an asshole. whatever. but we alllll know i can rap bitch, shut the hell up hahaha.
1	rt it amazes me how niggas can fuck w/ every bitch but when a nigga try to talk to his bitch he wanna cry about it i need answers
1	so why the fuck are still talking shit. you acting like a pussy ass nigga
1	my mentallity? being a flaming fag is a serious mental issue
1	it's friday bitch
1	hoes be like "hoes be like"..........but they be the hoes that be like
0	yep, steve spurrier just sorta compared alabama to the yankees. "they've (ny) got the biggest payroll, they don't win ever
1	i'm sorry but if your costume is a "naughty school girl" this yr i will forever consider u a basic bitch. becreative followers
1	kobe calls dwight howard a "bitch ass nigga" 
0	diabetes galore  colorado health officials recommend pot brownie ban
1	if we date get rid of ya ex's  i'll get rid of my hoes  we don't need no interference 
1	chris brown a bitch because everyone talks about his relationship. why come at two females? charlemagne be saying the sam
1	you don't have any kids? what are you, one of them queers?
1	white trash bash 
0	going to california today for some analyzer training. going into dick whitman mode. wish i had a tan colored suit to wear for the flight.
1	this bitch is weird she knows too much
1	french montana gotta give that kardashian bitch 2 mil cuz of a divorce i'll never marry none u bitches
1	suck my dick you cunts
1	girl trying to put dem bitches on, too in autozone trying to buy the correct wiper blades for my car
1	don't put the pussy on a pedestal homie
1	"you can pull more pussy with a dodge and collect them panties alright." -stormy and jake 
1	ctfuu bitch tried getting tough with me then ran inside to get her husband hahaha
0	can't stop eating graham crackers
1	nice pussy.
1	you sound like you're pussy whooped. freelikeabird
1	ugly nigger
1	i like how his tattoo on his head forms a mullet. white trash people can be so entertaining sometimes
1	no... i want 1 billion dollars... 4 bad hoes from da islands... and a fine ass genie bitch, but datz none of
1	i was in the 9 grade and this bitch said something and i went off about her momma and her. she was like "i'm adopted"
0	not only you. and that pom stuff? totally porn.
1	young thug ain't earn his strips yet lol just a few 2k14 bangers. wiz can do dat cuz he not a lil nigguh of the rap game lol
1	that moment the pussy too good ; u gotta slow that stroke down
1	hoes will put "with ya man " as the location in their bio then get mad when you think they a hoe..
0	winston connects with greene on the slant across the middle for the score. ball game is tied, 17-17.
1	this bitch always in my pocket 
1	pete carroll prolly got the hoes lined up for his players after the game bruh
1	thats a win right there. any nigga who doesnt partake in that is a faggot. even if they dont smoke.
0	literally just got up and the first thing i did was chug a huge glass of water
1	don't get spirit bombed lil nigga dragonball z trash, debate me if you want
1	what you still doing up my nig
1	u got hoes tho werd  where 
1	bc y'all hoes
1	vegeta a super hoe then. but he did snack goni up something fierce during buu saga :wow:
1	 u r gey af. but you're my boy i'm glad i'm close with you. you dumb bitch how guys say "i love you" 
1	its gonna bring it down though unless its turning into a welt already, like a bubble wit pussy. gotta pop it an it'll be gone
1	yo pussy been through it for the 9 scrapehouse visits. .
1	they're young ladies you got hoes
0	in the trash, i hope. just dropped four new songs
1	who invited this fag?
1	how i eat the pussy
0	wow. thats great language coming from a hs coach, you sure are a role model, you're trash, just like your account
1	just show im not playing in this bitch one false move ima spraying in this bitch
1	yeah right pussy
1	have you bitches done your kegals today?
1	i just touchdown on pussy nigga
1	hood niggas and bitches love emojis lmfao
0	it didnt open das y i asked cus i thought yu ate wat i had pork chops yellow rice n beans
1	tounge punching smelly turtle pussy
0	i hate "chunky" pasta sauce. keep pesky vegetables way from me
1	i'm gonna hoe the shit out of you when we meet again can't wait
1	ben will gett ya some pussy.. ben will get ya some head
0	thou shall not mock ryan(the future)kelly
0	you mean like the yankees did this year when they prioritized a farewell tour over a playoff run?
1	its so damn hot in this bitch
1	i told u ugly niggas get bitches young i promise u work ya magic lol
0	come on charlie our government was just trying to protect the desert tortoise atleast, that's what barack obama says...
1	duh...lol. me tweeting about eating pussy from the back with my tongue in that made that obvious...lol
1	i should get a job at the usps customer service number since the only requirement is being a total cunt.
1	damn they gonna leave beth here long term. trash
1	but yo scary ass don't want to see me tho stfu talking am u know where i be at pussy boy
1	ware da colored elite meet to eat
1	trying so hard to resist the urge to smack a bitch
1	no hoes no baes no dips/sidelines no nothing 
1	nooo i left my papers in the basement n my niggah getting some cakes down there -.-
1	"ayo take this pic for me fam" "you think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?"
1	lmao if the shoes fit?  lace them bitches up. i'm talking in general 
1	let these hoes be great
1	your talking to every hick in san antonio i ride with a big 45 in the console
0	bizarre sports week in cle. win a game that felt like a loss,failed ex-browns qb's duel each other, and lose ho
1	stop giving a nigga pussy he stop actin like he care no true totally ...
1	i wish a bitch would
1	these fat hoes think they slick posting neck up pics and shit
1	lmfao i only twerk to "somewhere in america" because when hov says twerk, you twerk bitch
0	i was in a kik group once. but we called it a party line and old charlie the barber was always hogging the calls.
1	dawg ass hoes
1	boosie ran this hoe
0	that's the beauty of them brownies i always daydream about what i'd do if i hit the powerball lol (nerdy but fun)
1	bruh you're not a friend.. you fuck with me when you and ya bitch into it 
1	how many hoes do i have ?  z  e  r  o o  o o     . .
1	all you bitches extra easy when yall drunk lol unless ur sober friends there to save youu
1	he too rich to let that bitch get him mad like that niggas don't think at all
0	ghetto, driving a nice car, and not having to pay a lot for rent. i drive a lexus, and pay little rent. just saying.
1	these hoes gay thats why
1	i was a huge tomboy. like, i had barbies, but only because my ninja turtles needed bitches. truth
1	fuck michelle obama. that monkey doesnt belong in the white house
1	libertarians can be such pussies thought you believed in self defense, yet you want a peaceful revolution?
1	at least ima a faithful bitch 
0	photo: anarcho-queer: anarchism stands for a social order based on the free grouping of individuals for...
1	i been slackin on the ice game i needa cop a watch , so i can fuck me a instagram hoe ; press block
1	thump you right in the throat bitch
0	loves how day timers always come with coloured maps and distance charts. it makes me feel far more important then i actually am.
1	fucc yo face card nicca umightnotgetin beerandtacos wethelastonesleft milkthecity respecttheculture
1	since we on the subject she used to always ask to to see my dick via dm.. fck dat rat face hoe b
1	yeah i have acne but i still pull hotter bitches than you (-:
1	don't be a bitch then?
1	i could have so many bitches right now... lately they been loving flee
1	chile i'm taking greyhound everywhere from now on. yo hoes and bout to fly me into no building or fly me over the bermuda 
1	both of my bitches drive range rovers
1	mo bitch the special ed darlene from backatown  gn
1	mother nature is drunk again, this bitch knows how to party.
0	my doctors office is retarded, "we noticed you put in a prescription order, so we canceled it. give us a call if you need a refill, thanks"
1	man i do have hoes and they are all in the same location 
1	i've got everybody skurting these hoes 
1	an end to the ordination of women and faggots, whose only aim is to weaken and split our communion.
1	neymar fell like a bitch
1	-you hoes ain't leaving a ain't shit nigga bc he's yo ain't shit nigga n you don't want the other hoe to win.
0	i like the yankees toinight -107
1	just lets you know we all self conscious even the pretty bitches
1	man why the ugliest bitches talk the most.
0	well good morning early birds.. t minus 47 mins until thee clock out. then breakfast shower rub one and sleep
1	i'm otp bitch hold on
1	"side hoes get no love" - thotology 6:13
1	fuck ass redskin corners
1	bitches love miley cyrus and rihanna cuz they speak to every girls inner hoe
1	i dont trust girls cant trust these hoes
1	1 baby momma no bitch no wife like pac u need a thug in ya life
1	why do you call most guys that talk shit to you "fags" then? you should use another word hypocrite.
1	bitches are gonna make it rain on me
1	no, that nigga goin to work. quit tryin to kill a nigga's vibe you broke bitch
0	psychological warfare for dhimmis -- defeating islam joining forces to take out world's trash h
1	i dont mess with sneaky ppl nd they hoe intentions
1	some guy said i was wearing leggings and laughed and called me a fag. they're jeggings, asshole.
1	so ppl are pissed off basically saying if we have to suffer, you will too. tourching tht bitch
1	the baddest bitch in the world followed me on ig today and started liking all my pics. i aint even all that attractive so i know she catfish
1	lol when a nigga say he miss u say don't miss me miss ya bitch lmao
1	awwwwww they no kaep ain't rape no bitch
1	phillip rivers look like he almost wants to call dude a nigger for that bad play
1	you ever look at a bitch and just be like... bitch
1	i'm about to start a bad bitch mentoring association bc girl youre a bad bitch dont let anybody tell ya other wise
1	don't tell me ryan tannehill's better than dogshit alex smith's trash ass too. fuck.
0	crystal probably only person in world interested in my poor black hillbilly:jamaica::poor white hillbilly:wv idea
1	naw hoe let me see if you got keisha
1	i might need to get some hoes
1	xfactorau sick of guys who sing like pussies. where are the rock type men?
1	true life i'm an emotional clingy bitch
1	the most ghetto bitches be pregnant a/f smh poor kids 
1	runnin' so much game i fuck around ; lap a bitch..
0	graham crackers with marshmallows, the little marshmallows and little chocolate bars and we can make s'mores, man.
0	i was already 24 when jeter arrived so i had plenty of yankees memories, but next year is going to be very odd indeed.
1	buddy drug the whole train lmao good ... extra ass hoes hate them ny hoesme too
1	"you gotta have luuuuube/all ya really need is luuuube"- dental dam yankees
0	but seriously, it's the only reason i use a mega whatsoever. pure favoritism. also those sweet fuzzy wings.
1	i saw so many basic bitches just picking up my school schedule i kinda wanted to throw up tbh.
1	crafty bitches best way to cheat on a test
1	t up bitch no chaser needed tsu hc2k14
1	are you nigguhs saying you want donald trump as prez? that nigguh don't understand real american struggles 
1	niggers fell off
1	this burger 3 days old but i eat 19 yr old pussy so i should be fine right ?
1	yeah hoe
1	shut up bitch lol
1	hate fags? the answer's yes.
1	my new bitch eat a dick like a bratwurst
1	it's okay i'll get bitches on this dick anyway but thanks for the tip
1	ceasefire?let's see how long those towel heads can go without trying to attack israel then cry to national media when they get popped again
1	it's some hoes out here tonite ; i got shawty wit me
1	1wayhustle come get signed bitch we self paid.
1	first of all you my type of bitch
0	i'm a little teapot short and irish artist of the year amas emabiggestfans1d
1	espn keep hiring these dyke bitches and gay spanish niggas to talk sports
1	we put a redneck in the white house it's gonna be the camo house. 
1	yes. love to make em masturbate to my voice, bitches love southern accents
1	abed looks like he has to take a shit bro pic brolic boyswhotakepicsinsuits tie swag hoes on us
1	u might be a faggot if u pull outta the pussy to bust bro.
0	yo mama so ghetto she uses cigarette butts as q-tips
1	just got rich. took a broke nigga bitch
0	flappy bird is gonna be the death of me
1	"when you gonna take me out?" some hoes not gonna let you come over until you spend money on themlisten
1	that would be a joint then retard
0	i uploaded a video goproud makes money out of twinkie crisis in free market spirit
0	oreo cheesecake
1	first chick to bring me some hash-browns from waffle house right now will get her pussy ate
1	subtweeting and using hashtag oomf what's the difference :p jk just jerkin' yo dick ya nigger faggot.
1	i know righttt i hate fat loud bitches
1	you fuckin yankees i'll be there in 2 months i'll meet you pussy
1	i think i'm a bitch tonight
1	like my momma said don't waste yo time on plzing des fake ass bitches and bum ass dudes cause they ain't gone get u nowhere but pregnant and
1	haha yolo, did ya hit that hoe?
1	if you not his momma or his sisters goodbye bitch i do not have time for that.
1	i heard big booty bitches can't take no .
1	us calling females hoes for dressing as bunnies and cats for halloween didn't discourage them one bit...lolg
1	ew you look like a cheap tranny hooker
1	nigger*
1	hoes is hoes niggas be mad cuhz they be tryna cuff the hoes cuh
1	jackie peyton you are a fucking bitch. omg i love you though. damn thats the best shit you pulled
1	lol i don't need halloween to dress like a ho. i know myself. everyday is another opportunity.
1	 i hate ya bitch ass
1	hung with all dudes and wasn't fuckin no bitches, so.
1	celebrityleakedphotos yeah&gt; now you know how it feels knowing the nsa is on all our phones. quit whining like muslim bitches.
1	i ride around with notint, so all them bitches can see me  jetlife 
1	she told me trust no bitches  and watch yo homies 
1	diets aren't for alcoholics.......a bitch be tipsy quick from eating veggies and shit
1	lmaoooo i know taylor in brazil eating that overseas pussy
0	chik fil a. hipotle is trash and taco bell will give you the runs
1	horny cougar gets two cocks shoved in herpussy
1	where's my money, bitch?
1	hoes.
1	can't keep a shallow bitch if ya pockets ain't deep.
0	when other girls wear beanies they look cute ; stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who s
1	i'll naturally slap the shit outa oomf that bitch talk to much.
1	 what u did mr bitches  stop calling me that but i balled
1	bitch
1	ya lil dumb ass bitch ian fwy
1	i forgot how white trash texarkana was... well it is arkansas so.... 
1	i bet you think you a no-chill savage huh. fucking faggot
1	everytime i go out i ain't never wit no new bitches cuzzints
1	bitch i texted you
1	get on my level bitch im careful who i kick it wit
0	rather than believe that there was a man who was the very definition of good, u mock it.
0	if temple beats rutgers today, i will be a happy clam.
1	y'all be giving the pooest bitches so much hype, stop it.
1	yeah me too. my people, the women, laff at the set apart men... they love the real niggas or niggers.
1	- yasss bitch yassss. you deserve it. *drake voice* 
1	do we love these hoes?                   
1	that hate shit dont mean nothing bitch im feeling myself
1	where is vrsl, that nigger owes me 10 bucks
1	goodnight you stuck up twats for not laughing at my tweets
1	niggas is hoes 2
1	a bitch can have two black eyes, bloody lip, scalp bleeding, bruises, and a broken arm and still be like "but i love him" lmao
1	skinny girls be having that gotta go a couple rounds pussy
1	cus you gt d hoes
1	; alla my niggas hot boys , so don't bring no ice in this bitch 
1	the reason high school is so fucking hard is because ned never made a guide for anything past 8th grade. you feel me? fuck
1	young, stupid ass hoes these daysgotdayum
1	bitch get out dem feelings and get some new dick "
1	no these are only whites pies. well do you have any negro pies?
1	she's a sapiosexual. i had a jimmy neutron brain blast. showed her i'm an intellectual and put the pussy on the chainwax.
1	the type of pipe to put rhianna to sleep excuse me that bitch been on my mind all week
1	the sound of wet pussy  &gt;&gt;
1	i'm tired of her corny vines, ugly faces, and stupid voices my nigga she's sexy 
0	came to training camp today to find charlie batch asleep on the curb...
1	ok... sucking dick isn't supposed to be done in a cute manor at all. just like eating pussy you're not supposed to be scared of it.
1	lmfaooooo can't trust a bitch that don't smile with her teeth.
1	karma's a bitch huh
1	goodmorning uu bitch ass niggas
1	fuck all these dirty hoes these bitches basic
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect /
1	i need molly water and a chubby asian bitch same
0	i wonder how many yankee fans are hurt that derek jeter is out until after the all star break lmao 
1	sumn wrong wit da pussy, een tho i ain't gonn hit it ima still make sure dat she gushy
1	she said she don't like the fact that i smoke cigarettes. well sorry mrs.ladybitch i don't like the fact that you're a hoe
1	cause you know.. y'all hoes play entirely too much.
1	haha bitch ima draw a webb in bullets round yo fuggin forehead beamthat bitch i know where you reside
1	messi refused to be subbed off. are you kidding me? so they took off neymar? you little hobbit diva bitch.
1	ain't nuttin but a white trash party.
1	i'm about to hit a bitch
1	i bet he would have gone ape shit and killed them all if they attacked muslims.
1	way to delete your tweets you stanky bitch
1	i don't wanna be a hoe 
0	lmao they all trash before ; after 
0	we're going to make the school look so redneck tomorrow.
1	nigga be safe hoe
1	why you gotta be such a hoe smh i ain't captain save a hoe
1	fuck dat bitch
1	don't take advantage of a nice everyjuan
1	go watch nick jr. childish ass bitch the nicks are playing ?
1	leave the bitchen to bitches
1	in reality lame niggas and corny niggas get bitches bc it's sooo many of dem niggas nbs lol
1	u look like a cotton picker tho about to put in field work  damn dee got all the jokes
1	your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt.
1	i haven't had cable at my crib in a year i don't give a damn bout a tv show like hoes n hip hop
1	i want to take the time tonight to acknowledge all of the ex hoes
1	rows for the hoes curls for the girls planks for the skanks deep cuts for the sluts quads for the broads no pecs n
1	most of you hoes copy and paste but there has to be someone they are copying from. and to you i give you my props
1	your the one keeping me up faggot
1	bitch fck all lay wat you wanna do
1	i dnt let nobody borrow my shit; i let my girlfriend got my sweats lol thas how u know she runnin shit...u otha hoes cant get a sock from me
1	bitch bought her son some talking bout i had to get em before they sold out
1	fuck bad bitches
1	bitch i'm not about to eat ya pussy all day long.. i got a life.
1	a day later and y'all still gassing rihanna trash ass nudes.
1	i did anything for my bitch now these hoes only get hard dick nbs
1	took a broke bitch nigga
1	"if your gf/bf don't like or talk to that bitch/nigga, you don't talk to that bitch/nigga"
0	vintage mickey 
1	"uh-uh, what do we have? your empty heart, my empty bottle, a yellow cab.. that you would like to catch cuz yo latest ex made u mad..
1	' baby moanin.... got me zone'nn , i want this bitch next too me.... pussy like ecstasy  .
1	i don't like popeye's spicy chicken  them bitches be on 10 boa you trippen
0	just because some moist bint lobbed a sword at you, you think you're some la-de-da king?
1	im askin you negro lol
1	the internet will make you think these bitches are who they're actually not.
0	when the rose-colored glasses come off and you still want to be there, true love happens.
1	listen, cunt: today aint yo day
1	u bitches could neva get him to buy all dem snacks. fuk wit me
1	every nigga new hoe is da next niggas old hoe
0	sewing is also a requirement to be an isis jihadi girl - keep the men's clothes presentable isisfeminism
1	lmao so none of you bitches on my tl dirty??? salad extradressing
1	when your man call you a bitch when y'all arguing he don't think you really a bitch, you just actin like one
1	mean girls are just honest bitches. truth"
0	as long as its not one of those "special brownies" right?
0	at this point every voter in florida has voted both for and against charlie crist.
1	if your trying out for non-contact hockey dont call anyone else a pussy
1	whoever called it the lowest common denominator and not stupid pussy number was probably more mature than me and definitely
1	if you think your mans cheating, you take him to that bitches house and see if his wifi connects
0	ff has been consistently one of marvel's worst properties. ultimate ff was good; but the entire ultimate universe is now in the trash.
1	eat her pussy when she mad, sad, stressed, mad at you, or whatever shit just lay her down and eat her pussy up 
1	that look after you just put a bitch in their place
1	if its 64 dont eem try me. nigga that talk the most trash in smash bros be the shittiest, these are facts
1	that was for other bitches lol you cute tho wassup gimmi yo numba imma natural too lmfaoo
1	its a bunch of penis on my timeline literally" - u want me 2 dm u my pussy lol
1	really. 3 hours to find paper work is retarded. tarrant county courts suck. wasteoftime
1	tyga and drake two light skin bitches but if had to choose in a fight i would go with the guy from compton over the one from toronto
1	u still in ur feelings and he in some new pussy
1	dumb bitch stfu
1	wait. what in the mudda cunt hypocrisy
1	twitter pic flossin hoes talkin
1	fucking bitches never hit a nigga back up
0	ready to go get my fried oreos
1	keep ur bitch on a leash .
1	i know, all the bitches love me
1	beans u beaner?
1	bitch watch tf out u on moose meat now
1	i'm literally laughing in shock, amazement, joy. in...just everything. in everything pop the champagne american queers. we have arrived.
0	thats why youz a yellow bone 
1	paper ova pussy
0	this is why my mother isn't allowed to make brownies
0	but then there's the yellow writing on the black jerse ...
1	a nigga can like one pic ; u bitches: "s/o to _____ showing love".... bitch kill yoself
1	is the voice behind mustard on the beat hoe
1	nah if she wus freak an got smutted by multiple niggas, you jis then cuffed up a hoe...
1	secondary playing like hoes.
1	it's a lot of fat bitches at this party i'm we at right now my outfit way too much fire to be at a function like this
1	, , ; yall bitches needa start delivering
1	can't be letting them messy hoes mess with yo business...
0	just eating animal crackers in sacrament 17andlovinit
1	niccas get a few dollars and start playing these roles tryna shit on yo niccas instead of playing these hoes 
1	well i'm back on the prowl for a bad bitch
0	you inferred he tried to ho to nam. he did not. he dodged it. he is no great leader.
1	hell yea bitch
0	you sure do have a pretty face for a cripple
1	bitches be like i'm mixed wit italian chinese nd african american i be like bitch just cuz you ate ur
1	a bitch is wearing a scarf today i loves me a scarf.
1	what a ratchet ass bitch bet she felt dumb
1	too many bitches is shady
1	s/o yo bitch
1	"to bad you wont hit a girl pussy"
1	and i aint neva gave a fucc about a bitch boy
1	when her nudes trash you gotta draw clothes back on her and send em back
1	don't fuck widd no baby ass bitch in the words of deja lol
1	dont fucks with u hoe
1	stupid people talking smack on "uncle tim tom" are the same ghetto fools w/no future. i'm surprised u ignorant niggaz even read or write.
0	if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird
0	autographed photo of babe ruth and lou gehrig - new york yankees 1928 | nyc ny nyy
1	how can you say you don't want a nigga that's friendly but your pussy is like casper the friendly ghost?
1	choke on bread bitch
1	when a bitch say you cant dance
1	these hoes here mane. you are what you let inside you. remember.
0	stink should shut his hole ; just perform his tricks like a good trained monkey
1	my nigga so stiff but his bitch even stiffer .... me that is 
1	lol that same bitch i was cool with was was down to sit me up in get me kill in get on twitter in talk about it.
1	guys are hoes these days lmao don't fucking indirect me cause i can put you on blast who's subbin ?
1	not every female is a trophy some of y'all hoes are just certificates of completion
0	ho ho ho.
1	lmao let these hoes be hoes ain't no savin nem
1	only basic bitches workout at planet fitness
1	bitch you still subtweets but not replying though 
1	 mimi too old to be covering her titties during sex bitch you childish
1	bad bitches ain't cheap
1	no bitch i did not want to wear makeup
1	every time i fuck, i gotta hit me least like two bitches...
1	so much white trash at this demo derby  
1	i got so many horses , all the hoes say that its gorgeous ... in tha air dats where my doors issssss
1	these hoes got more bodies than a cemetery.
1	chris brown get bitches bruh lmao
1	meet me and my bitches mansionelan
1	bitches be fallin so inlove w. niggass ; then he go get a new bitch ; they try go get a new nigga to try to forget about the 
1	lol yeah bro good choice. but bitches do love foreign whips so it's a personal decision
1	im chill as fuck but ill still turn up on ur bitch ass
1	taking pics i'm the school bathroom is fucking stupid retards
1	i watched one and a bitch holding the camera said "yall need to hurry up...my battery's about to die" nooooo
1	bette fucking davis eyes bitch
0	thank you charlie, happy thursday
1	gaga is that bitch who probably gives a+++ lapdances.
1	me when folks try to come for me.  ok hoe, cool
1	fuck bitches get money
1	brady heard yall say he was washed, now he washing the league on you hoe ass niggas.
1	top 5 stankiest pussies
1	gave her that "move it lil nigger" push smh..
1	gabby's a bitch ; made jackie make the tea packet first.
1	"my grandma used to call me a porch monkey all the time... come to think of it she did refer to a broken bottle as a nigger knife" 
1	hey, you, bitch in the mini-van. stop riding my ass. you have no power in your vehicle, just stop already.
1	i can't be homeless in 2014.... but them bitches better not slip in 2015
1	one good woman is worth a thousand bad bitches......but i still wanna fuck a thousand bitches
1	i hate when faggots talk shit on here then block me so i can't respond. bitch i will write you a letter with my response an
1	fag fuckin pirelli tire black ass nigga whit a white boy shirt on but my nigga did loosen up a lil bit.bowbow
1	faggot
1	u smokin that 87 bitch
1	even bitches with bad attitudes bumpin to our tunes.. they high maintenance.
1	can't let nobody play my gta, bitches like using up all ya ammo n gettin ya dude kilt by the cops
1	cunt
1	duncanville girls cold den a hoe
1	hes a lying faggot. he used inspect element to change the number of dollars in his account.
1	 played that nigga smh bitches are so shady... oh my god 
1	watch yo hoe
1	drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch beyonc 
1	ur a cunt nd a wish a was a faggot
1	lmfao shut up u slutty white hoe didnt know the pats got destroyed tonight lmfaoooo
1	all these hoes always talkin shit about there guy. look bitch if your gonna talk shit to me i'll be happy to smack you in yo
1	my wigga...
1	true dat nig
1	main bae gonn think sumn up wit the pussy
1	hahaha these niggas funny i bet i can pull at lease 3 bitches with them 
1	screw these hoes
0	charlie baker about to make his final election eve campaign stop- here at swampscott high school. wcvb wcvbpoli
1	distance is a fucking bitch.
1	no one likes i n d i r e c t ass bitches. 
1	if ya girl texts back slow you gotta hit her with the "so who else you texting?" watch that bitch get more defensive than dwig
1	i'm not goin oml i'm finna drop this bitch
1	that's fucking bitches for ya using that pus to hook u
1	nah i thought u had to bitches lol didnt know peters girl was one of them lmao
1	bitch in the middle look like a daddy long leg 
0	i hope charlie brought the lube for this test...
1	i hate when boys deny that they have bitches " smh
1	dem hoes be peeping out my dougie 
1	man y'all niggas chill man i'm high af tho . y'all niggas ain't even tell me who the hoe is 
1	how could u do this to me bitch" potent
1	i cannot be worried 'bout no bitch.
1	gucci feel like jeezy pussy outchea you tried to kill me and wasn't successful. nigga lucky gucci ain't tried to down him
0	ewwww her nips are def more perfect than that
1	1. for male rap artist if you not talking about money, bitches and drugs niggas don't wanna hear your shit
1	fuck red malone man bitch ass niggah" could you please use complete sentences?
1	your retarded.
1	i wish i was a bird so i could constantly shit on the people i hate :)
1	if i were to say be my girlfriend would you believe that i dropped all my hoes for you?
1	charles was eatin trash ass dominoes in that pic...you know he was still poor at the time lol
1	dumb bitch leave me alone
0	to be clear, i don't think there's any chance krug leaves for russia. but it's fun to mock the speculation.
1	dumb bitch ruined a perfectly good sweater
1	wow, "impeachment." look at you using your vocab workshop words. guess we were only half wrong about you being a dumb cunt.
1	if i wanted my ex back believe me i'd fucking go get they ass.  but i ain't bout to dig through the trash. 
1	side hoes shall only eat side dishes fo ye are what ye eats -traprinthions 10:17
1	i curved yo bitch. your welcome.
1	hoes thnk they "won" when the nigga thats ridin the fence start givin them a lil attention... what u won hoe? a wishywashy ass nigga? oh.
1	my bitch bad lookin like a bag of laundry
1	biiiiitch that hoe looks perfect haha but iight
1	i don't have another face other than my bitch face. 
1	me either but if the bitch like put on that beyonc nigga ain't gone hesitate
1	i be laughing when my ex be tryna stunt, bitch you forgot i went with you i know what you got ; don't got 
0	i, for one, welcome our new eastern panhandle overlords, and hope they do a better job than the yokels who got us here in the first place.
1	no saving hoes
1	dat nicca paper fuwop n da booth
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | fisting | whipped cream fisting
1	bitch fuk wat a hater gotta say .......brickk ent ya bitch
1	i wont get catfished anymore tho bc im no longer trying to stick myy pp into twitter hoes
1	pussies only pussy...an every women got one...so u gotta have more than that ladies
1	learn how to type ya hillbilly
1	oh yea i forgot u decided to have math a hoe instead of football my bad
1	whatever you wall hackin pussy bich i'll fuk u up like i did ur mum, ur sis, ur step sis, ur mums mum, ur mums aunt 420 bich bich
1	i look at every bitch ass that walk past me
1	i like chilling with your bitch and i like fucking her.
0	i'll see you guys later. i gotta go bake my blood crackers.
1	i''d put a bullet in that bitch...
1	lol ooop qt you little twats.
0	charlie baker for mass gov..the most lib newspaper in most lib state supports 'r' for gov dog via
1	' all the hoes loyal 
1	you suppose to keep your hoes from finding out about each other
1	i'm cute with or without the makeup ; eyelashes  y'all bitches depend on that shit
1	she says i act different, she thinks that its them bad bitches, naw babe its just you and the thought of you being my misses..
1	i got the giggles because i'm a fag, i ain't gon' lie lol 
1	wish i had a bad bitch tonight where they at?
1	i am that queer gnarles charles and no it wasn't me
1	when u with yo main bitch and you see yo side bitch in public
1	mine will say "the intimidator"  cause bitches can't handle it.
0	"yaoooooooo mawnin yardies "
1	lol i liked that album that "double up" album was so trash son...smh
1	oh bitch you lurkin ? well bitch i'm twerkin 
1	i hate when netflix stop ; asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up ; started doin somethin with my life bitch 
1	wtf u think u ole pussy ass nigga
1	naw i'm just playin i only fucked with bad bitches
1	when hoes call other hoes "hoes"
0	 "killer line?" josh smith dropped a killer trash talk line on kenneth
1	based god fucked all my bitches
1	my face when bitches expect me to care
1	dude i work with is so pussy.
1	msnbc the same msm who said blocking flights from africa is racist yea right no id no vote bitch gold digger
1	the homie got this bitch rocken
1	people who go to church in hollywood, ca are all white trash filth.
1	hell yuhh they hit haha s/o ma nigga, gmula cheweing one takes a chug, then sniffey
1	i be waking up on some new shit like fuck that bitch shit
1	finally running the game and everybody trippin now, but ion give a fuck i got their bitches drippin now.
1	lmao tempted to send this "fuckin hoe" lmao
0	i sho do miss my uncle tom
1	first thing to do when you meet a famous star: sell my hoe
1	whatever. no matter how many times kids fuck me over i will never become i pussy. i promise you that.
1	austin mahone is making bitches horny right now...
0	if you used the obamacare website you should definitely change your password hahahahahah that's sad boon
0	wen u look liek trash n sum1 complimentz u
1	she the only bitch that stayed loyal  she a keeper bro
1	life ain't nothin but bitches and money.
0	i have a feeling tonight will be trash.
0	there's gonna be a lot of trash talk today worldcup
1	lol dat bitch petty
1	you know these hoes wishy washy
1	bitch yu nt gone mention me back
1	fag
0	i have to agree with charlie he's spot on...
1	ladies if a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend . he basically side hoe shopping
1	am i really a fag if i'm liking that video
1	never lie never cry never die we gone die love my friends love my hoes yellow sluts call them gold
1	bet hoe
1	they really should expand this bitch with all the money
1	u can't turn a hoe into a housewife hashtag tupac
1	kanyes verse on "i won" is making hoes feel like trophies for real.
1	my dad wanted me to "twat" him. 
0	yankees pineda needed that 6'7. great play
1	faggot
1	shit is trash
1	me then faggot
1	stupid ass hoe
1	alyssa you ignoring me bitch but you better text me back cause i'm serious fuck u smokey
1	when she waives her pussy fees&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; bye lawrence 
1	you tried me hoe. i can sinf
0	breaking: japanese ace masahiro tanaka will sign with the yankees for seven years, $155 million. (via fox sports)
1	and them niggas pussies...cameltoes 
1	"trust noneeee, bitch i don't "
1	yes suhh fuck you bitch, i'm chillin you gettin live tomorrow ?
0	i still can't understand why we don't dump our trash in the ocean. it's pretty big and it'd surely be cheaper than launching it into space.
0	if you ain't a gator you're gator bait 
1	or a southern bitch like me who will blow a persons heart out of their back w/one shot
1	i just wanna fuck bad bitches
1	ion ask nobody for shit . ever . never have a problem doing shit fa people neither but damn can a bitch get a thank you ?
1	this bitch just blew my high and i was high off all of these drugs
1	bitch thats yo nigga  ....well you aint his bitch 
0	yankees michael pineda in his next start..
1	....so ur a fag?
1	some of these hoes are loyal
1	nothing like waiting till the last game of the season to peddle it shit website heeb
1	too bad bitch you in this shit forever 
1	your bitch choosing just let'r
1	nikki minaj is proof that natural is better minimal is best some of y'all hoes be overdoing it
1	you workout, tweet, instagram, tweet, text some hoes, xbox, fall asleep these young boys ain't gotta clue what grinding is
1	"this is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggas that hated / old hoes we dated, look mama, we
1	yeah, these bitches aint shit tho
1	told her like... it's 90 degrees out this bitch and i'm walkin in jeans (it was like 70 when we got there) like apostles. shit don't add up.
1	gonna drink and talk about bitches that i've almost had.
1	lmfaoooo, bitch don't start. okay bitch
1	that hoe on some other shit bro and 100x better rn that a nigga high
1	if ur mine, its obvious people are gna hit on u cause ur obviously attractive. but if u flirt back its a problem bitch
1	nigga who's bitch u fucking cracker get your gay ass out my mentions.
0	it's retarded. ignore the harlem shake fad and hope it goes away soon.
0	all that trash talk and we win championships you're boring me dude nationalchamps
1	you's a muthaf***in lie right his tl is trash . now, mine? bible scriptures and hymns
1	on a scale of 1 to redneck, i'm watching days of thunder right now. gocruise
1	all dese yung niggaz pussy
1	lol it's 4:36 and bitches are out here staggering drunk
1	ugh bad bitches picture coming soon 
1	when bae sings "it ain't nothin to cut that bitch off" with too much enthusiasm
0	"wait n as in nick or m as in mick?" 
1	"i'm a soft more" hoes dumb man
0	if crabtree woulda caught that over sherman for the game y'all woulda said sherman trash ; he got what
1	i got the streets ina headlock i got yo bitch ina leg lock i do not fuck with the fed cops 
1	 he has a date, hoe.
1	look at all the chicks follow and tell me he ain't got hoes.
1	j cole is trash. i've been saying this for years. fuck him lol.
1	ight nigga tonight at 9:00 c burg mall bitch
1	y'all tweet the same shit everytime i get back on this bitch
1	nice baby bump bitch.
1	stfu youre a pussy sit your ass down with all that noise
1	plz don't tell nobody, bitch i know you got a man..lol i ain't gon tell nobody
1	if u say ur a mermaid it obviously means ur pussy is fishy
1	i made you lunch you fat faggot 
1	them klutzy bitches
1	niggaz buying p***y....niggaz buying p***y. + don't start this hoe shit...
1	wow i swear i'm gonna cunt punch you
1	if she a hoe i'm a hoe.
0	charlie wears women's clothing
1	name that hoe (i'm 6'1) on my license tho
1	now da heat fans bacc y'all niccas kill me ain't tweeted shit all damn game
1	pussy
1	shittin on all my old hoes
1	i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't 1
1	lost a couple online matches in nhl14. bitch hit me with her car. dad ate my pizza. just one of those days
1	bagging thot bitches ; giving 'em head? ew nigga you nasty ; you're better off dead.
1	you will never get a  if you don't know how to cook  for ya man fr atleast not from a nigga like me. slackin ass bitches
1	these lil hoes sitting across da way too fuckin loud. like damn hoe your sittin less than 2 feet from each other shut the hell up
1	irrelevant people talk so much shit like who the fuck are you bitch
1	lol duhh but ima get my neck tomorrow so dont be mad hoe
0	i reblogged them to mock her god bless
1	pretty sure you meant flight and not flite, dumb ass cracker.
1	we all know a hoe like this
0	tomorrow's agenda: bake brownies ; visit a couple open house.
1	niccas use to be like you always tryn pull a finesse....duh nicca i need mine
1	thanks for saying hi today bitch
1	lmao lexy such a hoe  lmfaooo
1	i just might get to these riches i might go broke on these bitches
1	man i swear today's like nation hit tony while he's driving day.... this chink almost smashed into me...
1	oh my god this bitch walked past me and legit smelled like a fish market tfeh tfeh tfeh
1	you can call me fireman cause i turn the hoes on."
1	ray rice is a bitch ; his wife is stupid for staying by his side.
1	almost everyone i met in paris was absolute trash. and if they support a republican government, i hope they fucking die.
1	dudes have problems deciphering sex too.side bitches get wifely love.you can't keep a secret if you're overdoing dirt.
1	hopefully this niggah buys my gamma 11's cause i want them
1	this bitch just chillin
1	whats good then bitch ass nigga catch your phase
1	don't fall in love with a bitch bestadvice
1	"ayo take this pic for me fam" "hell yea....the hoes gone like that one"
1	i read that in his voice like a hoe
1	aye sae en feeld kawkin dyke
1	these hoes be acting up.. ; you know what, imma let em..
1	goodnight bitches (with a lisp)
1	"stop being a pussy, son, and shove that needle into your own heart" afterearth
1	fuck you bitch i have to fucking piss i take 30 seconds you take 5 fucking minutes 
0	trash can the notorious b.i.g.s son cj wallace rap? watch ; vote here:
1	yep nope and never will. fellas u ever had some pussy so good you send a "so what are we?" text?
1	im going to miss that big nig
1	n if you following me too be messy your gonna die a slowly painful lonely ass death bitch 
1	you're a fucking faggot.
1	smh u niggers ; ur music knowledge
1	meet me later for a reach around charlie crist
1	if her pussy got over 10 body counts, it's dead. pussies only have 9 lives 
1	make weed legal you pussy you know you smoke that shit
0	but cant nobody at yall pep rally out jigg me
1	here yall hoes go dicc ridin; shit
1	 dis hoe bri will fuck up a wet dream pop up in the dream like
0	yankees win final score: 7-4.
1	; are bitches.
1	say that shit to my face "bruh" you a bitch for gettin in a man u dont know business. handle yo own shit
1	some women get in a relationship quick so they won't feel like a hoe for having sex.
1	wtf  he peed on this bitch i'll cut his shit
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	lesson 12 don't pass out at before 12 like a lil bitch
1	good lord, i never met a bitch like this before
1	this girl is retarded
1	the only part of the awards that i liked was the dykes part of the cypher ; the old skool female mcs.
1	blows my mind how some guys have these model type girls then cheat on them with some ghetto hoe.
1	niggas actin like hoes most of em bitches
1	you a hoe for not having deals on fried chicken
1	bitch ass nigga, heres a new belt for you
1	i would love to give this bitch some act right juice lol
1	eat her pussy when she mad eat her pussy when she sad eat her pussy when she sleep eat her pussy when she horny eat her pussy
1	these hoes... smh
1	bell hooks is "bored" by nikki minaj ; thinks "pussy is old hat." i'm bored by her old hat ass pop critiques.
1	you ain't my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin?
1	he was actually crying bitch 
1	im smoking good n my bitch conceited ---
1	next year bitches is gonna be like you gotta promise you won't expose me "
1	what you say bitch? selfiesonselfies
1	lmoa high as giraffe pussy
1	nun but bad bitches link up tonight mansionelan finna go crazy
1	yeah fuck lunch i'll just eat pussy under the staircase by the foriegn language hallway
1	its hotter than a fast bitch thighs rubbing together while she running a marathon
1	;when they say him they mean dyke ron wcw
1	messi's like "i'm back bitches " lmao 
1	i ain't finna sleep bitch it's 8 o'clock when you finish noddin meet me at the top
0	fuzzy dice might be the nicest thing you could put in your car lol 
1	this nigga over here telling me he dont fuck with this bitch . when he do . or maybe she lying lol
1	that's true idk why your even in this convo you dumb nigger attention whore
1	fuck me then bitch shut up and roll threw
1	when u want a cig but ur lovey gf won't go get them potato ;) guilt trip city lil bitch
1	i'm jakes bitch
0	..............
1	man i wish this bitch would just stfu
1	you know what your doing when you favorite a tweet, tryna cheat ass bitch haha
0	not scanger
1	can't trust a bitch who lets the microwave hit 0, she doesn't care about her life...she probably jumps on the lava part o
0	"happy happy helloween, helloween whoa oh whoa ho"
1	don't fw sloppy hoes, you might catch somethin..
1	it's friday bitches 
1	idc about yall bitches yo
1	if youu let yo bitch leave with another niggah and don't say shit thats on youu
1	the majority of you hoes think your shit don't stink.
1	she a bad bitch period. but she didn't have to get these big ass implants  fucc
1	sir. please go text your mexican bitch, because i'm not finna deal witcho childish ass 
0	i ain't to show bout dem colored diamonds you talk about on da radio. any diamond you gets from a colored be stolen
0	i can hear my mom playing flappy bird in the living room 
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	lakers are trash
0	y'all sleep on shy glizzy  young jefe
1	my cousin just said these hoes ain't shit. idk why they want me. i ain't shit either. got me dying over here lol
1	good morning coons.
1	the fuuuck happened to her ? rt. ain't nothin worse than a bad bitch that lost it 
1	broke bitches that talk shit those the ones that i stunt for 
1	iggy got a fat ass but other than the bitch look like a flounder fish
1	women complain that chivalry is dead. yes congratulations bitches, you killed it with feminism
1	never give the next bitch an opportunity to prosper off of your name....
1	heard them haters talking, i heard them bitches fucking.. i must be doing something right
0	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | desi | paki
1	let those bitches keep loving sosa
1	i remember when this lil bitch caught me slippin n had me get ina car an 2 mins later i'm lookin at this nigga holdin a gun in my face.
1	thats fucked up give him some pussy woke up with sex on my mind, i should just play with (cont)
1	who cares who looks better between blue ivy, north, and whatever other celeb baby. read your kid a book u simple bitch.
1	man i just watched that 50 shades of gay trailer and that shit looked like the wackest movie of all time. y'all be hyping up trash on here
1	i feel like eating pussy right fucking now
1	if she thick and you get her pregnant, she gonna become fat, and you gonna be the nigga with the big bitch
1	every day i wake up celebrating. why? i just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch.
1	my sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action
1	s/o to the fine bitch at walmart just now. melted me at the ankles 0_0
0	the ending to that yankee game was so planned i can't even take it
1	never been a bitch
0	hey teabagger the law made it a felony to keep and collect the records. get your facts straight
0	these birds messy.
0	bey lost her ring at the met gala. jay found it ; instead of just giving it back he gave it to her as a mock proposal
1	my sister is such a bitch 
1	i'm going to miss these bitches so much  far right she resting on ol girl booty y'all funny as shit
1	can i bring another bitch can we have a threesome or nahhh
1	you're right momma ain't raise no faggot
1	stolen from cream_2fly3xl lol but really guys i'm giving classes on keeping that bitch who's registering
1	y u arguing with that ugly bitch on twitter
1	projectdrugs;bitches
1	saying, "who cares?" comes from a privileged position. may you never experience what a queer person goes through, and may 
1	stroking otha niggas hoe is my hobby
1	hold up women leaving good men for some quotes they seen a nigga with no girl post on instagram that he copied on google...u hoes crazy 
1	i got a measly 506 followers on instagram that's probably why these bitches ain't takin me serious
0	when you has a frownie, eats a brownie
0	video: on talking trash while facing during todays scrimmage 
1	dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife
1	mary isn't a backstabbing bitch that lies and deceives me
1	can a quote this and tag a bitch
1	thisty hoe
0	went to an open house today ; the place was trash. ewww
1	i got .05" of rain yesterday including the bird shit in my gauge.
0	thanks to mr wilson for passing along this tremendous responsibility. my sole focus is to empower our leadership to bui ...
0	oreo ice cream. ~
1	hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	gameplan: 1. eat the pussy 2. beat the pussy up 3. apologize to the pussy by eating it again because it's so good.
0	lol to get the yellow bleach stain out use a baking soda hydrogen peroxide paste on the stain and throw in the washer
1	 -  omg just thinccin of you makes me laugh, we use to stay talking shit in 3rd period, you cute, ; you my bitch 
1	i hate all these industry fags. i hope they all get the nigerian summer flu
1	these hos really be hatin on draya fine ass
1	if u a bitch an i hadddd u i wouldnt give a fuck if chris brown bagged u bitch i had u already lol
1	i hate those kids in your class that are always complaining and just being a bitch/douche to the teacher
0	god is a yankees fan. farewellcaptain
1	happy birthday bitch
1	boss ass bitch remix 
1	this bitch ain't got a bit of sense lmaoo 
1	i wish i had my dad in my life but the bitch ass nigga still think im not his child lmfaoooo but damn that's sad cuh
1	ah nigga dat cares about opinions and get involve in hoe shit either gay broke or ain't getting enough pussy
1	it's pretty much been confirmed that i have the best bitch face on the planet.
1	i have a daughter to think about , yall think i'm worry about you hoes , naaaaaaaa
1	one of my nigs hollered at cici... ima keep it low key tho on which one it was lol
1	neither have i :-/ i just...why...ok. "i've never had a nigger cock"
1	bald head bitches think it's their time to prosper
1	when nigga/bitch lose in a fight they favorite line is "he/she only " 
1	a girl knows when a niggah just trynna fuck .
1	dropping all these hoes.
1	niggas be like when they see they side bitch cashin another nigga hello mutha fucka......."
1	thats why i aint cuffing until im grown af these hoes ain't loyal
1	the fuck you looking at bitch swerve *puts heelys into full gear* *glides past the bitches*
1	is out of his goddamn bird trying to say yoburger is better than 5 guys
0	yall know skip bayless is about to slit his wrists over romo lol
1	wish i coulda said more to tonight. good seeing you fag. 
0	comes from a guy whose sole qualification to be cm is being the lucky sperm :-)
0	5:40 a.m. and still awake yay time to chug coffee and red bull for the foreseeable future and hopefully not pass out behind the wheel
1	my "sister" use to walk the blade everynight so the way i see it that bitch don't have no place to try ; tell me wtf i should ; shouldnt do
1	lol shid who got one? boy my ass lonely as a bitch. you cuffed up ain't ya
1	part chink.
1	a relationship does not stop a hoe from being a hoe.
1	come this fall i'm cuffin side bitches. y'all had y'all time the whole summer
1	tl blew up hoes on waka dick. turndown he ain't follin y'all hoesbow
1	"takin it straight to dirt, why finger the pussy when i know i can put my dick in it?"
1	just yelled out "damn it reeks of weed in there."(really did) after this stoner fag didn't tip me while a cop was walking by. haha bitches.
1	least i ain't broke bitch
1	bitches be happy about burger king pollo tropical on lunch break at work but act like dinner with new niggaz gotta be upscale.
1	i need some new hoes
1	money &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; the best pussy
1	hope gezus gets shot in his faggot head houston nbombs
1	i'm outside where you at?? and i'm the pussy
1	aw y'all some hoes hating on that girl that looks like a dude 
1	got to hold a koala, take selfies with kangaroos, saw a bunch of bad ass birds of prey, and pet a fucking emu today... wtf 
1	if you say anything about me i'll knock ur boyfriend out. go for it bitch. your boyfriend is a pubeless runt.
1	hey hoe
1	it's hot and my allergies are killing  i feel like a little bitch 
1	if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy
1	sameeee bitch asss lol
1	all i ever do is fuck bitches ; count stacks
0	lived there and can attest to that. trust them over any muzzie nation by a million light years
1	pirlo's one of them cunts who'd just be better at everything. he'd beat u at table tennis, shag your wife better ; win a
0	muslim jihadi? keep calm and.... pjnet tcot tgdn ccot rednationrising teaparty 2a nra
1	tom brady is the biggest pussy in the nfl by far
1	r.i.p  to the hoes dying for attention.
1	frankie is a twat. bb16
1	if you claim macklemore is your favorite rapper i'm also assuming you watch the wnba on your free time faggot
1	things to remember: sometimes being a bitch is necessary. stick to your guns. impromptu solo dance parties are good fo
0	everytime i see nelson agholor make a play i want to puke. kid should've been a gator. thanks charlie cheeseburger.
1	i swear these bitches think their still in highschool
1	yall hoes super weakkkkkkkk
1	lol man bitch shutup i'm salty lowkey
1	who told this midget hoe to start stripping
1	want some cheese with that whine bitch ?
1	lmfao bitch got my phone
0	how can anyone hate charlie sheen
0	ravioli stuffed wit lobster nd a nice stuffed clam eating betterthanamobster
1	that's how i know the pussy is ready for me white people gay.
1	beef is when a bitch titties looking like they sleep... what's beef...
1	bullying doesn't exist.....bitch ass people exist if you don't stand the fuck up for yourself ; stop being a pussy
1	choke on a cactus, bitch.
1	free 5iiive nigga, let all a my dogs out. moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house sb4 gang
1	senior privileges bitch
1	' mannnnn wake y'all bitch asses up blood
1	hope you got what you wanted bitch.
1	+1 otakon badge, now with what i'm going to lovingly refer to as my "cripple ribbon."
1	where is everybody getting this "fuck her right in the pussy" sayin from?
1	these celebrity niggas be passing these kardashian hoes around monthly
1	lol niccas remember the ginyu force 
1	it's that puff pass it porn up on the tablet, run up to bitch with assless chaps swearing that i'm catholic
1	faggot
1	yea u stupid faggot. i'm not leaving till like 5-6pm. want a ride?
1	oh look, cutler didn't step into his throw and threw an int. nice flat footed throw cunt.
1	if you have that lil pussy stomach pouch thingy, don't wear no tight clothes. shit is unattractive.
1	life is too fuckin short for free bird
0	then the kid he sold it to brought it back to him cooked in a brownie
1	negro always falling asleep on me...
1	you hoes love sayin "you think you cute huh".. naa, you do..
1	currently, sup twat licker
1	to my ex that bitch can have you. 
1	pay back a bitch aint it
1	i don't love these bitches or these hoes; fuck they thought? i love my money
1	he had the hoes too
1	i wouldn't be acting like a crazy bitch if you just told me what the hell goes on in your head
1	time for some panera bitch
1	that was so gay. and i was tanning bitch. juvie made me white
1	fuc her and her pussy nasty 
1	aint nobody asked yo faggot ass for a comment i know you peeped already you gay thats what u do for a living
0	heres to all the kids who have never found their name on anything in a souvenir store thanks mom for the ghetto name.
1	you're our bitch though
1	 bitches they get bat or sumn *ak voice*
1	you're a sensitive, pussy whooped, no sense of humor, neo zoom maxi dweeb. now sit your ass all the way down.
1	you trippin bitch 
1	i don't see tears bitch
0	welcome to our land of dispossession check out the evil, racist whitey sitting on steps etc. "reconquista, woo hoo
1	niggas is pure suckas.. if you got a problem with ya mans address that shit, discuss it, ; squash it... only bitches hold grudges.
1	i was about to be like "r u queer" but c'mon jen do u even need to ask
1	a woman just yelled at me cause i'm drinking a beer at 11 am bitch i'm on fucking vacation
1	why these hoes always tryna be bitches? don't they know that hoes can't be bitches.. cause they hoes
1	shoutout to your main bitch
1	i need me a real loyal ass bitch 
1	sorry hoes, but l.o.v.e. does not stand for legs. open. very. easy
1	fucking retarded question...
1	ugly white bitch
1	she gone eat that bitch
1	boy i was clean in them bitches.you loved them damn sandals 
1	' i thinkkk shee knows , about , maaaa otheeeeeeeer bitch  .
1	hey slim, thats my girlfriend screaming in the trunk. but i didn't slit her throat, i just tied her up see i ain't like
1	all you hoes wake up
1	suck ass bum ass yankees foh
0	nowplaying : great white - once bitten twice shy on 1069thearrow -
1	yo bitch choosin' just let her
1	i gotta find them i know cali got them hoes
1	yeaa black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got a1 credit and pussy
1	taurus's are the first to congratulate this years hoes for being smarter than last years hoes. you know who you are.
1	ead especially after rita died.. dexter was just as trash as breaking bad.
1	i spent my whole 4th lookin for my hoes.. missed the fireworks and all before i realized i didn't have any hoes.. allbad
1	nigga fuck you u a bitch ass nigga..... dat ain't sneak diss'n u bitch made shit starter a sneak dis
1	i say it all the time same with fag and queer it's all about the context i suppose, some people are just looking to get offended
1	how u know u dont get real life pussy. only carin bout her enterin your dms she can enter my dms anytime
1	i dont kiss none of these hoes 
1	step up into the gauntlet bitch nuts. i could use something to wipe my ass with
1	i wouldn't last in prison... them bitches would eat me alive...
1	bust a nicca head,smack a hoe and shoot the club up rt so what we doing??
1	you got my name in your mouth but i got your bitch on my dick 
1	on my own shit, jus turned 18 bitches on dat "now you grown" shit 
0	how bad u want something is meaningless if how bad you're willing to work for the thing u want isn't 10xs as intense as ho
1	trust a bitch i can't wife a bitch i can't
1	black girls have never been into me. i guess cause i don't call them hoes, sell drug's or shoot niggas o well.
1	twitter hoes just different, bitches want to text or dm all day. hoe i'm trying to fuck something...
1	so some bitch flipped me off for letting her infront of mee... okay.
0	i just want vanilla oreos
1	he liked that hoe
1	finally back behind the sticks, visit me bitches vbar stmarksplace eastvillage nyc richmahogany
1	nigel, you don't think he knows what he did was dumb? how smart are you? shut your bitch ass up
0	i didn't make to any games last season. just looked it up. astros open up with the yankees 1st of april
1	u bitches ain't paying my bills......so fuck you
1	whoever came up with that " i don't have no ex's " sayin must've been a hoe
0	nice lie teabagger. just because you want to see it doesn't make it real. like reagan was a conservative, another huge lie
1	i drag a bitch by her hair captain caveman nnn
1	what she means is shes a fat bitch
1	messy asss bitches , i would blast yall dumb bitches but i'm not even gon stoop to yalls level
1	i guess that dumb bitch but we all need to drink some time my place an fuck someone up haha
1	"light beer? you mean faggot piss?" -overly powered man
1	u can kill carl but not my nigga glenn whos gonna take care of my hoe maggie
1	dom calls me bitch boy
1	is that the remix? these hoes ain't lawyers  lmao my fave chris brown song"
1	my bitch pussy got hella powers
0	poll: florida governor rick scott is leading charlie crist by five points.
1	i cant talk right now i got pussy on my tongue
0	mata'i ngeli, alu o polosi ho nifo..
1	haha lml wrd no nah de pussy shit lol 
1	i sell dope. i fuck hoes and make songs bout the shit. i rob niggas for they work and dont feel wrong bout the shit.
1	a penis lives a sad life: his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, neighbor is an asshole, best friend is a pussy and owne ...
1	why is arizona hot as hell and then literally 5 minutes later it's fuckin hurricane katrina up in this bitch
1	produced by yung  bouta drop dis hoe
1	simple minded hoe
1	these hoes ain't loyal 
1	yo u let that peckerwood skip get away with anything.. fuck u
1	"when im done with a hoe i pass her to the squad" g
1	stfu kenya u make me sick. lonely desperate bitch.
0	when i was little i remember laying horrified in bed as hand puppets held a mock trial convicting me of putting my hand up th
0	finally got my medicine and crackers
1	bitches be like i want something real ... and i be like i want a bitch with real hair but we can't always get what we want now can we lol
1	who ever said this is so dumb. my moms a cop ; ill have her track you down for being a lil bitch. kay bye(:
1	it's cute af bitch i believe u it's jus getting pass trusting u wit a needle to someone head
0	one of my favorite songs. "there's a man on the shoreline with a white parakeet trying to make his bird go home."
0	supporters of officer darren wilson rally in st louis ferguson kkk tcot tpot teabaggers teaparty
1	instead of worry bout who that bitch fucking why don't you get you some money
0	my favorite episode of friends is the one where blacks mysteriously vanish and unemployed white people find affordable ho
0	obama mocked the special olympics wendy davis mocks the handicapped do ya see a pattern? democrats tcot uniteblue
1	so the woman i deal with is trying her best to make "entertaining" a bad word... "u be entertaining these bitches" lol
1	im omy to the movie right now and i'm literally gonna slap a bitch if they scream or some shit.
1	y don't that bitch just shoot herself? so sick of all those whores
1	on a leash rt just pussy "
1	20k tweets hoe, i'd like to thank all my supportive fans  more tweets to come.
1	type of nicca owe yu money but still ask you to go n on a blunt
0	i am a yankee by birth, and lived much of my life in north. i see no diff in level of racism
0	was finna slit my eyebrows up in the shop but nahhhhhh. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1	hmu talmbout match but when i pull up its 30 other niccas wit ya  smfh shit like that kill me
1	nigga stop being a bitch and come to the high school you already said yes
1	why you gotta phone in your avi texting but you got negative bitches?
1	never realize the precious time you bitch niggas is wasting 
1	atlanta niggas* bay niggas gotta chill. i'm shitting on you hoes.
1	some men say theyre afraid of having daughters bc they dont want them to turn into hoes or w/e.
1	fr mane on some 100 shit cuff her if she made you that happy in one night cause these hoes for everybody fr
0	yes. and favorites this. please tell me you didn't buy that trash
1	once i take my bra off, dont ask me to do shit for u bitch bc once that bra comes off, i am clocked out of life i am do
1	firefighter is a job for white trash
1	bro you just made me want that ho even more , what year?
1	when life knocks you down, stand the fuck up and say "you hit like a little bitch."
1	i knew you were a faggot though
1	anyone who came to the us as an indentured servant is white trash.
1	2 faced bitch
1	i swear this hoe been following me ever since i went on break
1	i have yet to understand why so many bytches getting the bull piercing? it's called a septic or something like that ...
1	' she herd i was a dope boy , i herd she was a gold digger  , all i know is she a real bitch , so i fuck her like a real niggah .
0	go away already
1	fuck off frank you pussy
1	best friend being a hoe: yaaas hunty hoe it up slaaaayy stranger being a hoe: you're so trashy. you're what's wrong wit
1	gotta go get a haircut asap tomorrow ain't no bitches looking at me right now. and today they all was out. the frustration.
1	kanye new video so bitch made mane. bruh how you gone throw shots a barrack den come up wit dat shit
1	good one you fucking bitch ass
1	this what most of yall hoes need to admit .
1	i wish i had a reason to buy a suit for a wedding but clearly bitches dont know what those are.
1	i ain't got no hoes
1	i heard them same pussy niggas hatin
1	bestsongtohavesexto bitches love sosa bangbang
1	between this trend and the vines acting like women its like niggas couldn't wait to be faggots
1	i do not fuck with that bitch she cannot keep her legs closed
0	baseball isn't the same without the yankees in the playoffs ; basketball isn't the same without the lakers in em.
1	 hoe
1	what now bitch i've got you're girlfriend
1	that mindless twat is shitting on hiphop hahahaha
1	i'm back bitch
0	bengals kicker trash.
1	already kno nicca
1	down to catch a body bitch
1	these hoes get thick n fat confused way more than often
1	you gotta be a weak bitch to let a couple tweets get you out of character.
1	bunch of hurt niggas ; bitches on my ig timeline tonight.. muhfuckas lame as hell b
1	she actin like a hoe i dont want her, id rather just smoke my marijuana
1	"aint nobody got no time fo dat" (ghetto black lady voice)
1	what are you doing tonight pussy?
1	u should be here wit me bitch
1	spark these bitches interests.
1	wiz had a warrant like a bitch
1	idk about yall, but i loves me a thirsty bitch. atleast they not afraid to peruse a nigga
1	u a hoe if you have children and you're still awake
1	idkmadz tbh i've seen you in recess at the monkey bars but i was too busy getting beat up lol we should talk more rate 
1	i hate texting boring bitches
1	bitch live a little.
1	n%a hit the butta slide at the end of that bitch 
0	jane seymour rocks a bikini at 62 crazy aunt jane is at it again
1	lmsoooo dawg i ain't got no bitches mane. i low key got a chick but i can't say it on twitter. you know how these wolves is
1	if yoda had a pussy. that's what i look like in the morning.
1	you say it like they're a new toy, they're children you dumb bitch mixed babies,i want one 
1	ok, night night bitches
1	this look more like your little baby son of a bitch.
0	how long after the redskins change their nsme will all memorabilia w/redskind name be deemef racist and therefore illegal? any thoughts?
0	dad brought me home a watermelon eegee, but i don't like it so it's going in the trash 
1	niggah you friendzoned daaaaaaaam.. 
1	if everybody already hit, of course a nigga can't take you seriously.. idk why hoes be so surprised..
1	teacher: eyes on your own paper me: bitch i only have eyes for da paper *throws cash everywhere*
1	them squirrels are faggots b threesomethursdays ?
1	lil 16 y/o in trouble for beatin a bitch showing the judge zero respect. lol brooklyn niggas and they temper
1	wake up bitches
1	ya damn right nigglet :d
1	because it's hilarious how it makes teabaggers freak out. i'll do it again too.
1	why you act like a little booshie bitch now, that's why you don't have friends hoe
1	my signature white-bitch move is profusely apologizing for being late with a full starbucks cup in hand.
1	i'm pissed off bitches on my dick but shit my dick soft cause the way you carry yourself got me ticked off i ain't tryin to be rick ross...
1	he talkin bout we wanna be human and i'm just like .... bitch whet?
1	even at a young age these hoes ain't loyal
1	bunch of pussies
1	i knew farquaad a faggot
1	that vine started a coon frenzy bruh
0	my pops is from new york. my family is yankee obsessed. my sister literally cried when she heard he was gonna
1	bruh i'm telling you if she got zebra print bed sheets 9/10 she a hoe 
1	all the bitches who called me a hoe in high school got like 2-3 kids now..
1	ya kno nigga got two accounts... when the lil bitch start tweetin... she'll see these tweets or someone will snitch
1	these hoes be thirsty for attention
1	i fucking hate you niggers bruh...
1	nigga said dates is pussy installment plans, so is that why you gotta keep saying her when you get it cuz it's never truly yours?
0	when the yanks and sox get together, things usually go smoothly -&gt;
0	im in mickey ds and he gone ask for a double cheese burger wit no cheese foh
1	the hoes be rated e
0	nee dat is na langdurig gepest worden.zoals ik al zei:in d kiem smoren.is ook vb voor t kind hoe je moet optreden
1	it's funny how this page quoted my tweet about the term "camel jockey" bc i am a fucking arab you dumbass 
1	not a one lmaooooooo never saw a bitch at a deltron concert blood
1	n i cant even enjoy the reg house hunters, which is 1 of my fav shows..because i know house hunters international bitch ass comes on next
0	yellow jackets at gas station trash cans are the worst
1	put a btch pussy on first 48
1	lol shawty at sheets gave me her number haha i throw tht shit in trash outside
1	i want to square up with all these hoes.
1	no the fuck u can't dumb bitch, matter of fact go get nigga hoe cuz u not going be shit.
1	you still are a cunt
1	hol on bitch 
1	stop retweeting heather im tired of seeing that bitch on my tl
1	you just caught this bitch cheatin while you at work shes with some dude tryin to get off? fuck slittin her throat cut this bitch's head off
1	they act like they earned the subs curse has haha bitch you wasn't in disfigure
1	i wan do a mixtape... "pussy an cinnamon rolls"
0	check cashing on the corner of el cajon and calwood it's across the steer for pollo loco
0	confusing circumstances seem to get in the way of your high ho... more for virgo
1	lmfaooooo &gt;rt lmaoo thats what u got from this? dougie be yamming the coon all that beat boxing 
1	pappadeaux bread with the scampi butter her pussy tastes like?
1	 i'm so weak ima go stalk him now lmfao u lucky bitch 
1	i'm just a bitch for no reason. i think i'm funny sometimes
1	bitches like u be proving my point, u speak on shit u know nothing about i got a fucking at studio movie grill just stfu
1	i'm use to these hoes don't play
1	i just wanna slit this mf throat
1	likka downtown bitch at a secondline man yeah that's ball game teddy bridgewater gettin in , we hit 0-3
1	what the fuck is this disgusting nigger from the movie captain phillips doing on the red carpet for the oscars what the fuc
1	 i'm pretty sure my future ex boyfriend is on here slidin in another bitch dms...but i'm patient
1	really bitch?
1	buddy drug the whole train lmao good ... extra ass hoes
1	yeah i tried and you bein all blind and shit. lol peace, bitch.
1	i highly doubt you're a real woman. you're prolly a fat ass man. who fuckin cares?? let me do me ho
1	damn bitch thnx
1	did that bitch ever get out of ludacris's way?
1	papoose is trash bro lol
0	the redskins are doing pretty good this year 
1	paid dis much for da belt, i betta crack a bitch
1	yea tj in this hoe dunking everything tk hitting shots and juelz handling the bitch
1	when her pussy stank when yo girl says shes gonna let you hit tonight
1	i'm one of those faggots who hates the word mines
1	say dat shit again bad bitches hate broke niggaz. + but you knew that already..
1	nigga i was there at 5:42 i went to go get my homeboy and i texted u at 5:50 naw u a bitch
1	you have a new boyfriend every week.. tf you doin hoe?
1	i jus wanna let you know okc trash, ibaka ain't shit, y'all ain't goin nowhere without harden
1	sakurako legs spread wide as she takes a big cock deep in hertwat
1	this is retarded
1	not a flagrant lebrons a bitch
1	bitch u describe both of those terms
0	this is so much fun  1ubb 1ndiana hoosiers hoosierdaddy
1	ya side bitch gotta know it's rules to this shit..anybody ask you my cousin from jersey thinkin bout moving" lmmfao 
0	bout to make some brownies in a few.
1	you dirty little bitch
1	gotta turn the hoe into housewife
0	you rebel. next you'll be ripping mattress tags off. it's a slippery slope.
1	i got i.s.s friday for refusing to give up my phone these bitches can kiss my ass cause there not getting it
0	abouta get him some crayons and animal crackers after 8:30pm 
1	the gospel better wake up and realize that the good lord ain't stop creating pussy when he built yours shawty.
1	 this white bitch think she miley cyrus 
1	idgaf about these money hungry bitches
1	you know what, all you are doing is being a burden to me. a fuckin annoyance and i hate bitches like you
1	mickeyblowsyourmind: who wants to be a skype group with a bunch of offensive new york city queer folk me...
1	cant wait all niggas wanna do at 45 is pop viagra and pop young bitches
1	god you're a faggot if you dont think superman is the best superhero
1	dont fuck wit broke bitches
1	yo bitch i had fun with that
1	my bitch get on my nerves
1	"bitch ass nigga square up" 
1	wayne crazy.... new orleans ass nicca lol
1	jenna stays pimpin these hoes
1	siri is terrible cunt
1	bought that hoe a tomb stone since she's dying for attention  r.i.p bitch 
1	lowkey called that faggot a faggot.
1	 hood hoes love harrell football team
1	that son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...
1	lmfaooo oh well fuck that bitch
1	in other words you are accustomed to niggers so muchyour almighty one can be next to u, but yo nigger
1	if you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty"
1	lucky bitch
1	shit i wanna know if my bitch gone protect me 
1	bad bitch pussy aquafina call her crystalina
1	it's almost ya fucking birthday. so act right niglet
1	"babe it's the thought that counts".."bitch you a thot"
1	tell me that that pussy is mineeeee
1	pockets hella empty but these bitches steady choosing.
0	that's where i saw the leprechaun. he told me to burn things.
1	eat that pussy like cold pizza...
1	those "tell me about yourself " lookin ass niggas ... ima crazy bitch that's all you need to know.
1	okay. i'll stop being a bitch now... maybe 
1	no nigga a leave a chick with some good pussy unless he just paper chasin
1	hell i believe you toort lol i still look good i'm smaller than half these hoes
1	two years strong with this honkie 
1	no bitch lol i'm not about that life anymore
1	but carl is a bitch 
1	man fck dat tranny.... juwanna man ass nigga....
1	you're a lying sack of shit because i know you love me lesbian jk jkbridgeturstraight fag
0	by trash i meant u lmaooo
1	well done? what a coon.
0	when your phone goes off in class and the teacher says "turn that trash off" but its a song from your mixtape =
1	aint got time for no mufuckin fake friends smoke weed fuck hoes nigga drank gin
0	trash af
1	when the pussy so good ; u forget to pull out
1	all i eva wanted was some muh fuckin guala
1	what u doing bitch boy
1	if you only like cheese pizza you're a pussy. stay away from me and my lovely combination pizza
1	i want to lick one lucky, healthy, ; clean woman's pussy tonight to totally change her life ; views about men forever
1	but i don't fck with broke bitches 
1	this one for dem hipster bitches that shop at value village
1	bitch all these thick bitches with they ass out on tv , do what you want
1	you are full of it these so called children are not children. they are illegal border jumpers ms gang members.
1	i'm not saying she's a hoe, but she's been on more wieners than heinz ketchup.
0	one of my cats killed a baby bird and a cardinal
1	bitch back up i'm taken
0	godiva chocolate dipped oreos 
1	this is why people are lucky they only deal with customers over the phone. there'd be a lot of choked out bitches if this was done in person
1	nigga ill take ya main hoe make her call her home girl and make em share the same dick
1	thats what i thought pussy..
1	all the bitches in shameless are straight bugoutsss
1	i see you guys kicked this long haired faggot out your lil video game team
1	know the bitch before you call yourself lovin it niggas prolly been fuckin it
0	check out the homie for that sole sauce that stuff does miracles
1	just look for the realest niggah on rosecrans that be me lol
1	time to call hoes
1	news flash when you pay taxes, you are paying for everything you bitch about irs governmentaffairs obamacare
1	pressed for pussy no ...i get too many freebies
1	lol robbing ain't the word damn you was robbing them bitches
1	i couldn't have no "mama joyce" at my wedding. what a grumpy ass bitch
1	i only like women whos pussy smell like burnt cheese
1	bad bitch her attitude nasty ooh ooh that's my song hoe ' loveoohyie skyylevelmedia holipalooza atl
0	everybody mocks obama .hes an embarrassment to the usa.
1	sadboy bitch we worldwidee
1	protect your bitch at all costs
1	scrolling through my tl. ol' sick ass bitch
1	and don't come to my mf house honking ur damn horn. get tf out the car ; ring my bell bitch.
1	with your height, yeah. chunky bitch
1	text me, my phone being a cunt whore.
1	"darkskin girls ugly"  ass bitch
1	am i really going to sit here and cry like a bitch....
1	you do realize ya pussy stank right?
1	"i'm rich......" (dave chappelle voice) signed mlb ped users. say bitch you pussy
1	i'm just saying at one point in my life deonte took and cuffed my bitch  a year later i fucked his 
0	scott walker investigate. christie's bridgegate. perry's drunk monkey dem da-gate. all men innocent. all threats to left
1	in life you must ask yourself...are you a chosen one or a basic bitch? letsbereal
1	yea alright redneck white stupid niggers hollering out their car going down the road trying to hit on me fuck y'all"
1	- when ya friends nag you like they yo bitch  mayne chill tf
1	i lost partners , bitches , money... but i never lost my mind
1	i have to tell you a secret, "your a stupid hoe"
1	if you got to have every hoe you see you a weak nigga...
1	you fags hyped that shit up so much and i listen to it... everything is garbage
1	stephen the threat about your brother doesn't scare me. quit runnin your fuckin mouth ; you won't have to hide behind your brother bitch boy
1	old with a old wolf pussy that is
1	don't send me those boxes we droided up on da mile my nigga. got da dro droid na drum fo a pussy boy yeer me?
1	if i posted pics of everything i do in my life yall hoes would fall in love don't kill em channing
1	my dog just lifted her leg to pee. she's such a butch bitch.
1	maury is funny sometimes, but the ratchet hoes on there need to get knocked the fuck out
1	repeat after me: where my bitches?
1	because at your local insurance agency, the customer is always our bitch. itakeshitfromnoone 
1	if a nigga try to slide in my bitch dms..
0	yankees sec robertson in. guy is fantastic. sec pitcher
1	the most broke people have the most to say bitch nigga how can you afford to speak
1	maybe i'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow. till then just sit your drunk ass on that runway hoe.
1	bitch built like squid ward after he ate all the krabby patties dont retire  i love you. h
1	shut up fuckin beaner
1	i wish i could go to dat bitch
1	yea you bad but hoe so what
1	yasss when a bitch get paid tho  as long as she dnt act crazy
1	i can do somethin good but im always gon be a "wetback" coo.. 
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | fisting | more lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy
1	i wanna be that white nigga chillin in my mini cooper just throwin money at bitches
1	if you a top notch bitch lemme here you holler. (:
1	i always love when and i vent about bitches 
1	you bitch like to text emojis
1	ugly hoes love to fight lmao . they ain't got none to lose 
0	graphic ~&gt; 150 christians massacred by jihadi muslims while they slept including pastor, his wife ; kids
1	black cops want to kill white citizens. spic cops want to kill anglo citizens. zigeuner cops are all rapists.
1	the wnba superstars can suck pussy while on top of da world but when they stop playing ; da thousands r gone they sett
1	a miserable bitch is on the docket today. lois 'misery' lerner better get grilled. the ordered harassment was undeniable. breakherdown war
1	go jerk off to lollis faggot.
1	like , hoes ain't gone be satisfied until some more bodies come up missing in hattiesburg .. let me be the first to tell you
1	you a hoe if u eat candy corn
1	stfu redneck white trash head ass
1	these kids are pussies. we got a white trash kid ; a thugnasty wanna be up in here 
1	you guys are all faggots.
1	mom: "heard a song about some guy with bitches, and a long something or other so he could fuck the world for 72 hours or something..." lolol
0	no ghetto names 
1	tbh but a niggah can't have a normal convo with someone lmao"hoes will be hoes brian lol
1	pussy like girls, damn is my pussy gay?
1	eloquently stated. god i hate tom coughlin ol ass fuckboy ass geriatric ass pussy ass bitch
1	i need a bitch to top me till i get sleepy 
1	play these hoes like the lottery
1	if i fav your pic that means dm me hoe
1	they can't fit on that small ass street sonbitch you know what happen last time we was onyur st 
1	if a cute bitch fucks with a lame nigga she automatically becomes 10 times less attractive in my eyes
1	darkskin girls got that juicy pussy 
1	shut up bitch you beat off to your sister.
0	what is that monkey doing to those poor bottles?
1	bitch ima shake til i can't nomo
0	is it just me or is hicks saying "bung beds"?
1	hoes ain't shit how superficial bitches are
0	that pointy nail game is for da birds.
1	kobe ain't no hoe.
1	jose ur mean :/ i said ily stfu hoe
1	lol nigga like "damn why would this bitch do this ? " i helped your family move and the dryer almost fell
1	i don't support that ya idiot. and if i'm a teabagger you're being teabagged. openwide
1	aahahah who the fuck watches that trash?
1	now u got what u want bitch enjoy it now this is a crazy party i would love to attend.
0	that warm fuzzy feeling when you're able to give someone a helping hand. talking about medical problems with others can really help.
1	"i said thin mints bitch".
1	i'm bout to be.back on my old shit i miss my hoes texting me saying they wanna come see me
1	i did everything but trust these hoes
1	bitch stop fucking playin with me you know wtf i'm talkin about
1	no lmfao those trash tho candy corn j's _sirhampton_ these hard?
1	your boobs are fake, you're a little bitch, you're not cute, and i want to punch you.
1	i think im addicted to naked pictures an sittin talkin bout bitches we almost had
1	and ima steal his cat n replace it with a pitbull  he a bitch you should do it"
1	fuck u ugly ass bitch
1	i just wanna ball my fist in your hair and shake the bitch right out of you.
1	a guy on true blood is getting his penis inspected and the doctor told him it look like an eggplant 
1	having spent the whole of catching fire telling the bitch next to me to put her phone away, i am now battling the masses so i can buy milk
1	depressed but i got hoes same
1	my main bitch is a ghost
0	blessjesuslove happy belated ( sixty-fifth) 65 birthday *28 aunt mary agnes strong
1	hit a bitch with a car bomb.
1	donny a hoe since when??
1	freeelchapo is trending? why cus french montana's bitch ass?? you fucks that think selling drugs is cool are the lamest posers
0	you've gone and broke the wrong heart baby, and drove me redneck crazy
1	got another nigga's bitch in my bed right now
1	i'm not going out my way 2 make sure bitches know nothing ... just pay attention
0	ghetto gold needa be the first music vid
1	cheating and having hoes gets old. everyone should want to reach a point where they're mature enough to stay faithful ;
1	god damn thats one manly bitch.
1	can i get some good neck out dis hoe?
1	chicks love these ugly hipster faggots. prolly cause they look like the dad that was never in their life.
1	i miss my fag friends
1	this class ghetto as hell
1	dat bitch a thot
1	that larry the cucumber tweet is funny af.. but it's a bit much to you young bitches might cry
0	she colored not lebanese
1	i just cracked my motherfuckin phone god damn i feel like punching a bitch in the motherfuckin throat
0	watched some crows eat a sandwich
0	i hate when females try to sound like bird heads
0	wow, charlie strong is cleaning house. might be upwards of 10 released before he is done.
1	lmaooooooo *record scratches* damn twitter famous bitches out hea strippin? 
0	derek jeter ... a class act... a great yankee... a 1st ballot hall of fame inductee to be
1	hysterical calling bho a monkey northkorea &lt; may be a bunch of assholes, but that comment made me belly laugh
1	happy birthday my nigguh
1	niggas got a girl, why the fuck you asking girls to text you...hoes man hoes
1	famous women be the biggest hoes.
1	lol cause these hoes love me
1	when the pussy so good you can't pull out. ever.
1	seen glo eat a twat on stage watching that shit. and get eaten in the middle of a populated concourse, if i ain't mistaken...
1	bust dat pussy wide open
1	already had to unfollow that bitch. annoying af.
1	crazy ass i been acting so mean ratchet and ghetto i crack myself up
1	pay for pussy no yo i get too many freebies
0	log off nigger relationshipgoals
0	far right hero and all-around rwnj d'souza took to twitter on thanksgiving to mock trayvon martin, a murdered k
1	haha, i've swatted that little bitch around all night, starting to feel a bit sorry for him, seriously.
1	i wonder if that bitch dead yet
1	"what can banks do to show engagement with the queer community?" "hire trans women"
1	why ya niggas be gassin these wack ass bitches ? 
1	chris brown said these hoes wasnt loyal smh 
0	the bird is the word. esurancesave30
1	be my backbone every nicca need a spine
1	never trust a bitch you took from a nigga 
0	i need a cowboy killer and a cold one about now. probably too tired tho to get down.
1	fredo was a bitch ass nigga. how niggas fire over 20 shots at his pops but he didn't get off 1 cuz he dropped the gun smh
1	boy i was clean in them bitches.
1	shut up bitch. i'm trying to sleep 
1	call out bitch
0	in the fashion world "urban" definitely means "stolen from black people" it's ghetto on us, and urban on them haha
1	even this piss colored piece of shit bought a one. smh i hate you now
1	teach me you really be fucking bitches brah?
1	work is such a bitch right now
1	ladies if your head game better than your pussy
1	1 day down 39 more days with out pot lentyour a faggot
1	pussy
1	don't be a pussy. also there is beer and free pizza here. i swear
1	s/o to my favorite nigger to work on the plantation just remember next time, ask for the watermelon. dont steal it.
1	"i can believe that wiz khalifa and that one bald bitch are getting divorced "
1	"imma tie that bitch up in the basement and donkey-fuck her ass for two weeks straight" hahahahahahahahaha 50centmovie beforeiselfdestruct
1	any bitch that has ever had a "problem" with me ain't checked shit but my twitter "nbs
0	yeswedid attack, harass, threaten, mock and bully any woman or minority who dared not fall in line with our progressive a
1	get worshiping bitch woof woof
1	never give a bitch the impression that u need them
1	i do not love these hoes
1	like bitch. you already know the answer. it's all for bri duh
1	five things i'll never give a bitch 1:my heart 2:my weed 3:my money 4:my twitter 5:my netflix password 
0	jihadis taunting america ; spreading paranoia: tents that appeared in a video of a daesh training camp near mosul.
1	niggas fight in the nba and they're called "ghetto" ; "don't know how to act" but there's a brawl in nascar and nobody sa
1	yes yes yes that's all you gone hear never met a hoe yet that a tell me no
1	got ketchup on my swim trunks... sum bitch
0	the bucs has 2 great uniforms and ruined them both for that trash smh
1	oh. wow. avoiding that bitch.
1	like a slow death how does it feel to have a shit load of nudes to fap to but not one bitch to fuck?
1	i say nigger with love
1	hungrier then a ho
1	fuck you then bitch shove that work up your a-s-s
1	i bitch a lot but it's coo
1	wassup twitter  wassup bitch
0	you guys don't get evolution do you? you only share a common ancestor with apes.
0	online soon? i didn't have enough to get it after my anathema merch. it's a cracker, i need it. can u.....
1	yeah the nfl trash as fuck for this london shit
0	when people label their name on there ghetto nano&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
0	one of the world's most prominent jihadi forums just got shut down 
0	sorry bout your yanks earl....who uya like in the ws?
1	these hoes ain't loyal naya rivera got married three months after breaking up with big sean:
1	just like i made you hoes come for me , i can make yall go away 
0	or their music is trash
1	oh damn dis bitch found out her baby dead and now she's gonna torture the murderer lmao how fun
1	y'all bitches who hit up the mall looking for new clothes need to hit up the gym  those escalators not cutting it 
1	i have 0 hoes 
0	feb 2015 jordan 4 retro remastered "oreo" 314254-003
1	bitch look like she gon blow away fr
0	twitter has a bird as its logo, thats why when you join youre an egg, and your home button is a birdhouse. why am i ...
1	i like being teased, dont give me the pussy too fast
1	mike napoli is the toughest son of a bitch i've ever known.
1	this bitch gmfu.
1	why he try say alexi stole jo bitch lmao
1	my mentions ; tl moving fast af sorry if i'm flooding yo shit i'm lowkey tryna get off this hoe for yall
1	denzie boutta be takin erry body bitch now
0	i almost stepped on a bird running around the floor ah they are so creepy
1	them quiet girls be hoes to watch out
1	it's the most annoying shit in the world when a bitch start talkin bout something then say "nevermind"
1	today was a long practice bitch no it wasn't 
1	bitch
1	shyyyyyt, 12 hours ain't no hoe... this fulltime..12/hr plus overtime and benefits sounds real good to me
1	miss ma niggah leo
1	you a hoe if your cellphone bill more than $100 a month
1	it was old ratchet hoes bruh
1	broner would still knock half u niccas out
0	i'm getting trash talked by a 8 year old wtf
1	technically all the niggas that touched her raped her an when she see she trendin on this bitch she callin the cops lmao
1	i'm flexing on niggas and they bitches
1	nigga fuck you. some plano schools go hard then a bitch way better than richardson.
1	if all you gunna do is bitch then take ya ass home
0	it looks like he's wearing a trash bag
1	man i hope she don't think i think she a hoe.
1	kill't dat bitch shmoney bitch
1	bitches twerk to anything , rock , country..these bitches a twerk to gospel, to take me to the king 
1	everybody talking bout hoes fighting i'm lurking on some money
0	just saw dawn of the planet of the apes. one of the better moves i've seen this year. i didn't know if i wanted the apes or
1	&gt;&gt; homecoming in 2 days &lt;&lt; bet u didn't even have a date bitch, i just went and say in the corner
1	omg seriously do bitches still love sosa???
0	that's what sports are about. forget the arrogance ; trash talking. its about making people feel like they are a part 
1	they updated wukong's new splash so it doesn't look so fucking retarded
1	on a handstand? *pops pussy in delight*
1	catch a bitch snitch, my finger itchin on the switch
1	bitches make me happy. material objects make bitches happy iphone6
1	make yo bitch open her legs.
1	bitch it's not til thursday
0	thank you jackass zebras
0	fine chicks lap dances always trash
1	not sure why someone would put my pictures on a escort website i ain't selling pussy
1	don't start lil bitch
1	lrt turnup lil bitch
1	should i tell this hoe who she look like cdfuuu
1	this bitch at the gas station offered me head for $20 
1	thirsty hoes 
1	i love how people use twitter to just bitch an complain fuckyou
1	"well bitch, biology said..." 
1	if you say one disparaging word about the charlie brown xmas special i will slash the tires on your car.
1	but a wannabe ghetto white girl will deal with an unaccomplished black man for more than sex.
1	i see thru all you fake bitches ; niggas.
1	 i gotta keep my "hoes" on private.
1	i was enjoying nicki minaj's song anaconda until she said fuck skinny bitches. lol nah bitch fuck you
1	u wont see me sober less i got court mary the best bitch in life
1	i can trap anywhere i wanna just because i ain't a bitch n in rarely solo.
1	brah *falls out* white bitches crazy
1	the only thing that cunt talked about was me crying about the traffic jam. knows nothing abou
0	if you a bird throw it up birdgang eaglesnation
1	if you rat on your family just so you don't get in trouble you're a little bitch bloodthickerthanwater
1	waka gone kill dat hoe lol
1	if you follow me on twitter and you are being loud cunt on the swings at wintersmith don't be a stranger 
1	sometimes females are just fucking retarded bro. i swear i just want to kick y'all in the ovaries.
0	i want to go to the pumpkin patch but the love birds will make it a date and then the rest of us will be uncomfortable.
1	stealing a car and fuckin yo bitch
1	i hate a "i used to talk to her/him" nigga or bitch like foh hater  we never talked u jus know em
1	yes bitch. 
1	you just salty you ugly and white they all some hoes
1	cowboys win games during the regular season but when they get to the playoffs that trash af lol hating ass nigga
1	saw this bad bitch today 
1	naw bitch i ain't meek mills
1	worlds biggest faggot lol
1	&lt;= got all the hoes
0	tilt my chin back, slit my throat, take a bath in my blood, get to know me
1	pik taken by biebz shout out my nig jereme rogers
1	that twat barry hearne.it would seem to be all about there was no option for teams to share the venue.
1	the sassy clerk at the post office was curious why i was getting packages from japan, bitch i'm just buyin toys
1	ha well iguess i make them hoes loyal bro" theyll never be loyal that y they hoes my nig
1	high thenna bitch that's y i'm tweeting
1	fucking lying cunts man, gotta love them
1	she don't get emojis until after i bag, emojis are pussy shit
1	i should've  that bitches wallet was tigher than her pu$$y
0	food be good...except that rice they cook that bitch on monday for the week + tootsies?
1	nah boa that nigga wayne run his mouth like a hoe ; my girl ain't no hoe so chill wi
1	small titty bitches pierced nipples look like staples. lmao
0	the little girl tom sawyer gets trapped in the cave along with injun joe and almost die. injun joe dies and they find his treasure
1	david is bitch made heismybitch
1	lmao lmaooo  i'm not a hoe i'm a people person
1	byeeeee bitch, 
1	tf is a real twitter nigga/bitch y'all on this hoe tweekin
1	when ya side hoe playing too much ; all you want is head ///
1	every time you sleep with two women in a day it proves this country has a problem educating bitches about their self w
1	thanks for being black, in darth, and now 17 years old you kinky hentai son of a bitch
1	if a teacher tried to throw me some pussy when i was in school, nigga i ain't sayin shit
1	sharing is not caring .... back tf up bitch
0	the train station harry's at is trash i've been to the same eurostar too they refunded my whole trip to paris bc train accident
1	damn, i got bitches *kanye voice*
1	what's up faggots bet y'all thought you'd seen the last of me
0	tx trash there's no comparison betwn pres obama n gwbush poll will show he's supported 100%
1	you are so fake ; i'm going to put you on blast bitch.
1	eagles fucking trash
1	damn i fuck bitches i guess
1	ladies, if your pussy sounds like this please hit my dms. i need you for a science project 
1	stern fixed the image of the league.. nba players not knocking they bitch out in elevators.
1	phaedra is gonna drop apollo like mariah did when da brat went to prison. these hoes ain't loyal
1	' ima pull up , eat on that pussy and dip  ,
1	after you spread that filth of urs to that white dog, he ; the good ol boys were ltao on fuckin a monkey
1	on my way to fuck your bitch
1	' no feelins for a hoe that ain't ma main thang , ma niggahs on the same thang  all ma niggahs gangbang ,...
1	when tupac said "i ain't a killer but don't push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy"
1	i know, hoe.
1	yoga has been around for ages and these bitches just now figuring it out
1	these bitches been killin me all day
0	i wrote whole game story on how orpik shut down ovi two nights in a row. many of you will mock this. but he was really, 
0	aren't they the best? there story is here: now it's time to visit our yellow friends at
1	...aaaaaaaaand it begins. fucking niggers that's all kentucky is and ever will be
1	i love louis ck quit bein a faggot and suck that dick
1	i be ready to tell a bitch shut da fuck up lol
0	i'm the only person who likes yellow starburst i feel
0	amo a esa gente que me odia..
1	life is a bitch and harsh enough. guys need a girl that will make them feel better and help relieve some of the stress, 
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | hairy | 21 year old hairy pussy cumming on fingers
1	if a nigca neva told you "bitch you got some bomb azz puzzy" kill yaself bitch
1	these hoes need to stop hittin blunts and hit the gym unhealthy mfs 
1	if you dressed up as a cat for halloween you are basic." ...or a pussy
1	nah u just a fag
1	and you adopted bitch? i don't give a fuck what kind of "mental illness" they claimin imma kill ya
1	when a bitch twerking on you in the club and you peep the change in her pocket
0	just as trash as the others. fixed none of my issues. naw. anyone download ios 8.0.2 yet?
1	bitch get that job first.
1	mei haruka is tied up and takes three cocks in her pussy andmouth
1	like a hoe gettin dick all day and then tonight she gettin more
1	gimme another beer bitch
1	.i'm a  lil bitch
0	emma watson theoscars2014 
1	shit that seth says, "it's fatter than my cunt."
1	these bitches act local n think global
1	fucc hoes dats how i feel
1	bitches be 14, 15 acting 21 throwing the pussy like they 32 turning up  like they 25  but can't pass algebra 1?
0	two of the best yankees derek jeter and joe torre joetorreday
1	bitch i back shit up fuck nigga
0	larry elder is an uncle tom. i cannot believe how he is degrading a child.
1	y rick such a weak hoe n this season? not a good look fam
1	i ordered 8 chocolate chip cookies ; this bitch gave me fries smh , i couldn't even take the shit back because i was gon be late for work
0	she's just mad cuz her big toe looks like an angry bird haha
1	this bitch wanna be roger from american dad so bad
1	smh ;; its not bitches its bitch ass niggahs
1	; fuck your bitch
1	am i wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation roomhell noooopussy ass n
1	"no boats and hoes please thanks" - mom
1	just had a convo wit my ex n she reminded me y she is my ex smh idk y i even answerd for this bitch
1	i'm not sure, i'm a broke nig 
1	that's you faggot you eat shit for fun 
1	aye were da fawking ginzos of fawking queens and fawking nassau
1	i just roasted a hoe
1	that pussy can't be that hairy shit gotta stink lol
1	pussy you can't fight 
1	do you ever just see someone's account and think "wow what a faggot" but at the same time you can't unfollow bc u can't m
1	i'd shut the fuck up or i'll just be wide and batter any boy you ever go out with haha. im a cunt, so wit? you cani do shit to stop me... :)
1	it ain't nunn to cut that bitch off
1	how you rap but can't getcho bitch to ya music? put the mic down bro.
1	  no bitch go away tu puta madre
1	ima pull up eat the pussy and dip
1	' fuccccck that was ma niggah from cali swag  r.i.p jayare .
0	my nig kkeldalegend took me out for some more of that good old new orleans soul food
1	fuck is yall sayin bitch ma h456d love me 
0	nothing good on tv and the are eating their balls 3 innings in. great.
1	cause i didn't wanna see your bitch ass
1	life i'm not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they can't get over. nope.
1	never messed with a hoe that went to jail unless i didn't know her last name
1	real don't tell me if my gf was a hoe before me, if i'm happy.
1	well now that i'm basically gone full retard, lets get blasted
0	welcome to the family, mia meli new puppy adorable cute fluffy mutt mybaby girl
1	ahhhh but now i'm fuckin all you niqqa's hoes 
1	the city used to have hoes.now them bitches look sick.
1	my mom is so clueless to what's going on with me lol she like "you can't trust negros witcha money" lmfao whaaaat?
1	haha shit niggah i wish
1	when you die but a bad bitch walk in yo funeral 
1	that nigga spun around in the pussy.
0	flappy bird is deep... hahaha
1	what a fucking retard
1	but i can't get her to smoke unless i bitch about it. the struggles of having a girl who doesn't... in actuality it's a great thing.
1	this faggot is a lil attention whore fuck him mute
1	 this bitch playing volleyball in timberland's edmondson kids 
1	i hate a always wanna smoke but aint got no money as nigga/bitch like bye falisha
0	egypt? r the muzzie bros still running things? only a tad better. certainly no respectors of dem though
1	logic had me thinking nikki was a bad bitch
1	cause everyone just loves yo bitch ass rite? yea sure...
1	foh lmao 60 but im hella skinny so bitches dont like me
0	i'm making pollo a la brasso today
0	why is my mother bothering me about the trash? it's my day off leave me alone and stop nagging
1	corey is trash
1	all the work gone so we ain't going nothin but fucking bitches in the trap
0	how shy people flirt. learn tips from the best
1	that cracker as big as he looks on tv?
1	is the biggest faggot in the world
0	mace for your wife, charlie brown? rejectedpeanutsspecials
0	no more speculation. no more mock drafts. it's finally draft day. bortleskombat stormwarning builtbyucf chargeon
1	i'd like to rape the bitch that posted that.
1	i'm just not going to be a bitch to you because we don't speak for reasons. it was a decision and it's done and over with why start shit?
1	white twitter when they get in an argument i wouldve bitch slapped her into 
1	kenny lee gotta be da only light skin nicca dat eat chitlins 
1	omg that bitch sang uninvited? ugh :-( setlist mainestatepier
1	like who let em bring da heat in dis bitch  .. linkup bro
0	he will need monkey bars on his tricycle
1	my bitch a choosy lover
1	i'm a "tall big booty bitch" wtf lol 
1	real "lil"...bitch you short as fuck
1	 - your my bffl. i love you ya funcy bitch  i went finna be faded ; shaded on ya c day  wedemgirlz 
1	i see the same hoes
1	shout out to all the bitches who don't have to dress half naked to get a mans attention. stay classy
1	sometimes i listen ; revisit them old albums often as i can ; skim through all them bitches to make sure i keep up with 
1	fronting bitches get that i just got off the island dick. then i never hit them up again because i'm a fronting ass nigga
0	exposed: jihadi kidnap and murder handbook... and plan to infiltrate british army and police via
1	ask around n the streets bitch bout jay
0	harlem world trash? interesting.
1	wayne really treat nicki like that's his bitch ....
0	not a word on jihadi stream about the kurdish female suicide bomber in kobane. that story undermines their mythology on several levels.
1	you know she's a dyke when she asks for men's golf clubs
0	starts making monkey faces behind you
1	bitches be screaming fuck they nigga, but get mad when another bitch fuck they nigga
1	good day, honkies.
1	don't talk to her like that. i did a search for "lying evil cunt" and guess what? you came top x
1	i'm fucking tired. ending the night with some rips so much for hitting me up bitch
0	merry christmas hun 
1	way other hoes boo
0	decent trade for the yankees, a proven veteran ichiro for some prospects
1	all my old hoes wana have my baby
0	he no doubt copied it from someone else. alert: the mock turtleneck is back.
1	my goal one day is to own a nice rolex and wear that hoe everyday
1	lil bitch coulda let me go, i was right by my house
1	honestly at this point i doubt i'd fuck miley cyrus anymore that bitch is a mess.
1	this why i need bitches
0	bye, bye charlie strong.
0	i've talked too much trash for ou to lose today..
1	walk out that bitch like just murdered that test
0	so i've been pretty paranoid about the cooling weather bringing about an abundance of birds in austin, nyc and philadelphia.
1	in other news your bitch cook for me.
1	it's a sad sad day when a bitch loses her sponsor
0	is he chunky?
0	boy u look like big bird off of sesame street
1	"you ol trout mouth ass bitch" deeeeaaaadd
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | closeup | squirting pussy and fingered asshole
1	time to go to the studio and make really good music so i can act like i don't know the bitches that flexed on me since
1	when he makes u his wcw ; his hoes favorite it 
0	orton is trash idc he ain't been playing. trashlex smith only sat out kaep took his spot.
1	i really want an xbone now and if you said i would say this a week ago i would call you a super retard
1	wow, the whiggers at the tea party nation banned me. i didn't even use any bad words maybe my racist founding father quotes did it...
1	exes swear they can do better, then you see their next bitch ..... 
0	"the devil grows inside the hearts of the selfish and wicked white, brown, yellow and black color is not restricted"
1	holy shit i am just getting dunked on by a cripple this is unreal
1	bitches or wat
1	yeaaa bitch i be with dog like shaggy yea we stay clean but we get dirty like harry
0	knock em down wit sum chunky 
1	ha bill bellicheck wouldnt give an interview what a pussy hey bill karmas a bitch
1	man, i got fucked within an inch of my life this evening, i'm so unbothered by that bitch  carryon
1	girls really be comfortable with they dudes addressing them as "they bitch" i'm sorry but that will never fly with me.
1	i told my mom she eats cereal ugly ; she gon say "your a rude little bitch" i just thought i should let bitch know 
1	rft tweet of the day if a nigga change on you.. fuck em .. he was a bitch nigga from day 1
0	i am a zebra amongst the sheep.
1	i had these cute little pet names for my ex, like ass monkey, douchetard ; butterball. i just dont know where that re ...
1	bitches tryna take all my money, g.
1	speaking of little bitch you didn't even do all your squats you little bitch kept talking to distract everyone else   icu
0	no way i'm on a "dude you are fat" diet twinkies are the devil, so are breakfast tacos. i miss breakfast tacos
1	bad bitches only
1	1,2,3,4 how many niggers are in my store i knowwwww your stealing , that vine still be having me weak
1	so y'all niggas really love these hoes with nigga qualities huh...she roll the blunt better than you and she wifey now
1	that don't mean you're not balling lol shut up hoe lol
0	 we snap chatted for one night lol. but you're cute. snapchat me back nig
0	he gets this bratty attitude from brittany .... and its for the birds.
1	what happened to going fishing bitch?
1	do i look like mike vick bitch
1	every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch
1	i find a new song i like and play that hoe way more times than i should lol..
1	raising asia.... that lil bitch could dance bruh 
1	fuck all the heat bandwagon riders... we know who you are u sound like the hoes mad they man cheated with a fat booty bitch
0	i've got saltine crackers and red wine here. is it possible to diy a communion? i, uh, haven't been to church in awhile. tbtweets
1	bitch idc if you like me, but you will respect me
1	it was my sophomore year that i learned these hoes weren't loyal
1	lol shut up bitch..im alive i just been going through it...but im good now
1	gave that bitch an e pill ... bitches love fucking wit they ex
1	that's what i thought pussy
1	she a bird for that ... shit was disrespectful then ran outside n left her man to get bossed on
1	these hoe ass niccas talkn shyt about a nicca make a nicca wanna go and snatch the bitch up outta nicca
1	my luck the bitch gonna drug me an i won't even kno what happened lmao
1	some fucking bitches 
1	that bitch bouta be zooted
0	why is all these artist and new ones making so much trash?
0	how i feel playing flappy bird
1	\the whole bunch of the trash needs 2 jus go away. they r jus trash
1	seaside smell like stank ass pussy bruh
1	momma always told me i was crazy and the hoes say i'm amazing but i don't listen to a lady
0	kendrick is not better than papoose or drake
0	idk... it's trash though
1	i hate hoes who be looking all nice nshit with their hair and nails done, but they kids look like they barely survived a tornado
1	i guess that oh was a bitch i don't ha
1	hell yea i don't know what's wrong w the brothas that love these cave hoes so damn much... stopitnow
1	drake said it best when he said "niggas act more like bitches these days"
1	i think i'm having my guy period today. i have been such an emotional bitch heh heh heh
1	i'm sorry but this makes me feel so free. like a fucking majestic bird. gotonelessproblemwithoutya
1	josh you're a hoe 
1	that's what happens when you date a colored
1	got ya crackas, spics, chinks, and carpet riders but no niggas mlk ain't fight for nothing gimmeablackemoji
1	if bitches wanna nigga, get off the couch and go fine one
1	real few things worse than forcing a conversation with a dumb bitch
1	send y'all bitch asses fishing with us we ain't beat san antonio all season i don't wanna play them nigguhs straightup
1	how am i suppose to ride for you ? and you got bitches ina back seat 
1	i know she a hoe if she believe in astrology.. ima make a sign for that.
1	city bitches starbucks uggboots jellydoughnuts
1	right these hoes ain't loyal
1	yeah man all my niggas dipped to the cars and left and i was in a barn getting chased by the ghetto bird
1	getting bitches
1	she said aye whass hannin lil bitch lol
1	i swear u a fuck nigga u a scary little bitch u think this a game huh?
1	same like bitch it's the struggles to use the stairs let ppl get on 
1	is big cat a "fat pussy" joke?
1	that's logic for a hoe if you single nobody can tell you what to do right? right?
1	if racial minorities weren't criminally inclined, they wouldn't have so much to worry about. act your color, race traitor
1	a 50 dollar card make a young nicca go hard .. throw in a cell phone i can get you left on the yard
1	because a nigguh but don't mean you're pussy is bomb
1	you always find something to bitch about.
1	its not always good to have haters... sometimes you're just a stupid bitch (._. )
1	when bitches talk about their boyfriend 24/7
1	hoes, hoes ain't nothin' but hoes.
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | xxx | homemade pussy eating 
1	throw it up like a pizza get stirring in that pussy like a feature 
1	one time for the real niggas , two times for the bad bitches .
1	"dumb bitches do dumb things"
1	i grew up with niggahs don't trust no niggah no love for niggahs
1	if ya bitch mad tell ha i'll put ha own 
1	if you got a nigga and you another nigga wcw you a hoe 
1	if a guy flirts with ya girl that's just niggas being niggas. if she flirts back she a hoe
1	according to this data you a bitch ass nigga
1	its funny and it has that blond bitch on it
1	shine on them hoes look at my baby daddy
1	in this update you will find lots of hardcore cock sucking, ass pounding and pussy pulsing thrills. i have to
1	that hoe out there, fat trel said it best.
1	"all of these rednecks and none of them can keep the fire lit" 
0	if the crust aint graham cracker, keep that pie
1	leaving no hope for these hoes.
1	kim kardashian is making $200 million from in app purchases from her game. and you all call her dumb, bitch she's a damn gen
1	flappy bird makes me want to smash my fuckin screen
1	your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt
1	mhm bitch don't play with your life 
1	when bitches know they feeling stupid, they keep there sentences short.
1	ur so anal stfu for once u bitch
1	nothing i hate more than a sneaky bitch
1	i'll start at the butt and work my way to the pussy
1	you really are a faggot if you say that match was bad. stop watching
1	this bitch got a real life hippo as a pet
1	them bad bitches blow kisses by my earlobe
1	but this emotional shit is absolutely for the birds.....
1	love you too bitch :*
0	eagles 5hrs till the birds kick some assbleedgreen
1	hahahaha he missed the shit out that hoe houston texans
1	don't my nigga me honkie
1	element number 35 is bromine and it comes before number 67 ho (holmium). therefore, its bros before hoes.
1	loyal pussy is best pussy . cus u know that's all yours .
1	you pussy whipped for only following tho....
1	i'm getting tired of you telling what the fuck i'm doing every time i'm doing something lol. -peckerwood guy
1	daiya nagore gets her pussy fucked and sucks cock forpleasure.
1	recognize that i'm a star player ; leave them hoe fans of yours alone.
1	ok faggot
1	yea m8, fire crotch igniting your sisters pussy since '06
1	that hoe over there
1	faux noise pundits don't like duck molester, pro-slavery racist, homophobic teabagger darling phil robertson either
1	13% shy 65% bitch 22% homosexual
1	god all a nigga trust i can't trust that gun cuz if that bitch jam i'm fucked can't trust niggas they bitches got they dicks
1	this is the life nigger
1	this bitch was so ungrateful fr ..... lulwhore
0	nature's majesty is beautiful *melts butter* photo: rare blue-colored red king crab caught in alaska waters:
0	there isn't a green one either. there's red and yellow in that pic...
1	niggas wonder why bitches be on that "fucc a nigga shit" cuz these niggas be on that "she just another bitch" shit 
1	20 rts i'll go down there and say "fuck er right in the pussy" 
1	first i charge my phone, then i text your bitch
0	trash
1	since you couldn't keep my dick outa your mouth at least keep my name out of it. y'all some hoes for real.
1	cute teen gets her pussy flooded withcum
1	i just fucked yo bitch bruh.. i tried not to tho
1	i feel like tim ross is a nigger
1	i think i need to see said bitch in question
1	shitting on these crusty hoes
1	you can't owe me shit ion trust niccas
1	"just texted my phone, this bitch just blew my high"
1	that hoe so icy
0	did you say spray tan? **charlie crist switches back to republican**
1	procrastination is really a bitch.
1	if we date u don't even gotta worry bout me talking to other hoes cus i ain't got any
0	first day of spring break: ate half a pan of brownies ; watched 6 episodes of parks and rec with ;
1	yo pussy ain't shit unless you had some in it
0	then send this one to your teabagger friends and watch their heads explode
0	disturbing: feeling pressure from isis fanboys, al qaeda fanboys resort to celebrating 9/11 to reclaim their jihadi bona fides
1	when u deep in the pussy
1	juss the way she stands screams bitch lmao
0	i think the clips and thunder would've gave the heat a good as well...the east is just trash
1	i like it when you call me mcsully i like when bad bitches pour honey on my silky body it's not even the 90s
0	rip plate, brownies, large tea, fries, beans potato salad, poboy
0	im a proud wacko bird, how bout you?
1	kleopatra  ivory skinned nubile kleopatra fingers her shavedpussy
1	drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch beyonc 
1	hoe yu came at me first tf
1	only bad bitches in $roe r u ;
1	only the strong survive and that nigga a pussy
1	look at ur avi u fag
0	laat zihni ozdil met rust jullie gemene trollen, hoe durven jullie zijn mening in twijfel te nemen zijn zegje is wet en*kuch**kuch*. .water
0	alarm set, early bird n all that. night all xx
1	no way all u niggers are employees of the month
1	geeked out my mine i think this bitch done stole a 50
1	rt niggers before any moves are made... my black ass must take a nap
0	i need more beaniesjust ordered two true religion ones lol
0	me ; hubby relaxing from the studio for a lil...then headed str8 to my honey doo wop wops bday bash kristen...
1	i hate a lying ass bitch
1	bitch ask a day off
1	everybody's favorite phrase to try and end an argument "you do you and i do me" lmao faggots
1	shit i have stalkers and obsessed bitches and crazy ex bitches after me. my life is wonderful
1	got one bitch in economy and one bitch back in coach.
0	does it bother anyone else that the planet of the apes timeline makes no sense?
1	can't no bitch tell me a nigga not mines until she ready to tell me how tf he hers .  it's levels to this shit 
1	"yo bitch chose me you aint a pimp you a fairy." rippimpc
0	i'm jus a trill nicca mane
1	this weather need to not flag today we trying to 50 zip a bitch tonight yessssirrrrr
1	how you make a salad and have no vegetables on the bitch?? give me a break.  potato salad
1	what's worse than ebola ? the f-ing retards trying to make it a race issue. al sharpton has caused more american death than ebola.
1	yo bitch is gucci mane : my bitch a stoner 
1	you're such a pussy 
1	my phone acting retarded
1	get over it pussies
0	breakfast of champions shrimp lobster balls (no sandusky) french fries nd a nice big quahog (clam for
0	i feel the same way about the bigotry and racism of using the word "redskins".
1	"don't worry about the nigga you see, worry about the nigga you don't see... dat's da nigga fuckin yo bitch."
1	can't wait 2 see my bitch tmrw gatsby l00py
1	you'll never catch me in public with a chick that got an iphone 4s. i'm only seen in public with classy bitches
0	name something trash cavs
1	1personidbitchslap fa blowin my tl. up like a bitches spare tire leavin dairy queen
1	i really hate being a bitch to people, but at this point i no longer give a fuck
0	just saw a crow gallop across the road. mmkay wut 
1	wonder how many us citizens have joined isis after listening to joe scarborough trash this "black president?" good job joe
1	i despise clichs... you aint original bitch, you are a copy. deleted
1	females always tryna make a nigga feel bad about some shit like bitch i'ma smoke this weed and be happy all day
1	if you thought mansion elan was crazy with migos wait til boosie ; yo gotti shut that bitch down tonight
1	hoes these days be like 
1	bust a nicca head,smack a ho,shoot the club up  
1	ayyyyyyeeeeee my nigga back in the bitch
1	the movie abouttime a hard ass chick flick. this nigga goes back in time if he but too quick n fucks the bitch over n over lol
1	i like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked, riding wit a bad hoe wit her girlfriend in the back
0	in dc fri 1/3: bengali harlem reading/convo 14th st
1	lol i love when ppl think ima fucking look away like a pussy when i catch them staring at me lmao look away hoe
1	"did u call me a bitch?" "i said you were acting like one" "so you just called me one nigga" "shut up bitch"
1	can't wait to eat metropole and see my friends bring on those damn yellow penguinsro ...
0	charlie sheen engaged to porn star mens health tips sex toy the adult toys kiss
0	country bumpkin word of the day : yokel
1	if you're a bad bitch why're you wearing sneakers?
1	i ain't got no type...bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	i hate bees man. they be like "buzz buzz bitch" and i'm like "nah man i ain't done shit to you"
1	i can't stand a snobby stuck up bitch
1	i tell this bitch followback. she rts me saying followback. then doesn't followback. blocked like fuck
1	' wake up i'm blessed  steaight kush no stress  thankin god for ma success  ma bitches say i'm the best  .
1	too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
1	sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y'all happy, having a title
1	lmaooooooo "ayo take this pic for me fam" "you think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?"
1	guess who just got an apartment in downtown columbus? that's right bitch you guessed it, this guy.
1	bsd bitch make it clap
1	bitch said best way to get over a man is to get under another one smh dats ah hoe for u
1	photoset: the biggest pussy ive seen in china.
1	bitch you are not funny stfu talking to me what part of that do you not understand?
1	so now he wanna lie ?  he's a fuccing joke  ajay gotta whole bitch but oml trynna argue wit me ; shit like fir what boi ?
0	international law enforcement operation disrupts shylock banking malware - pcworld: international law enforcem...
1	u sure tha bitch ain't slumped over dead ? lol the thots is out here
1	everybody tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin that his bitch is the next nigga bitch 
1	can't stand that faggot.
1	too pussy or what?
1	miss you pussy
1	get real & fucking fight or don't play me. i don't play with pussy ass niggas.
1	after sex a bitch be like "so what are we?" and you like "probably parents cause i ain't pull out"
1	my bitch
1	lmao.... these hoes
1	even that bitch has to admit something isn't right with our socalledleader.
1	dolph in this hoe... bout to rock dj holiday show memphis
1	' i still don't got the time for a bitch to be actin iffy  .
1	lame niggaz wait in line, wait for bitches, wait to create, wait for someone else to do shit for them.
1	fuck you and the bitches you talking to
1	damn hoes askin niggas do i smoke.... no bitch u not getting smoked out tonight
1	oh but i am and my grades say other wise so u can stfu and get off my twitter or u can box simple ass that pussy boy
1	the jacob and joshua picks have been very similar. as the love for faggot ruslan as well 2accountsgate
1	bitch please.
1	geno smith &gt; alex bitch smith's trash overpaid ass
1	u tell us you fuckin barbarian does pussy juice really help ya beard grow?
1	lol imma start handing out guides ; manuals cause you bitches wanna be me so bad 
1	bad bitches aint cheap better pass her if u broke
1	you're a fucking queer
1	it ain't retarded. he's my cousin. lmao.
1	35-11. touchdown with :28 on the clock. michigan some hoes.
1	suge knight deserved to get shot that nigga had 2pac killed fucksuge karma is a bitch
1	just cause somebody put "bad" in front of it yall okay with being called a bitch
1	if she dont appreciate that and say yes. the bitch aint real.
1	these bitches love sosa"
1	who tf make an account of another bitch... like you wanna be anotha bitch dat bad.. lmfaooo fat ass hoes
1	bruh he def wanted to call l rock a nigger in that last lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
1	bitches be like go talk to ya other bitch bitch you is my other bitch
1	hey turd cutter...stop tweeting juvenile shit and do your job....idiot teabagger
1	i watched my followers drop like flies when they started seeing shit that made them upset lol take salt bitch
1	tea bag a bitch. pahahaha
1	10 sex positions this what u call fucking the soul outta bitch 
1	i need some good pussy, fuck
1	i hate pumpkin flavored items you other white bitches are crazy they're nasty 
1	over-thinking can and will fuck up the simplest things. lighten up bitches.
0	homemade soup is very good with vegetables on the side with crackers
0	; what we do with our foolish proud selves? roll our eyes, pretend that we dont see, mock or laff at them, arrogant attitudes
1	i got hoes. i got hoes. i got hoes. i got hoes.
1	lmaoo tony spanked it maaad times to that bitch voice
1	"sharkeisha'd" = to lose one's face due to the brute force of a knockout punch. "dat bitch got sharkeisha'd"
0	yeah people know he's not trash but his game is limited and it showed late in games against portland
1	i'm a star jones man myself, i love that big bitch
1	you a world class hoe
1	niggas want pussy. i ain't giving any out. here is where lies our dilemma. that's cool
0	old white people complaining about government tyranny is like the yankees being upset that players make too much money
1	i hate these hoes that look thick from the front them she pass u ; her ass be missing
1	:/ well that sucks that kobe is out now... he's still filthy, you can hate him all u want but if you dont have respect for him, ur retarded
1	twitter should dump the little blue bird mascot and just officially change it to a set of boobs.
1	have you eva asked a nicca where dey got sum fake designer frm
1	bitch i got the beef links
1	i know i talk a lot of shit but bitch best believe i can back that shit up.
1	bitch really changed her name haha it is not that serious. beyonce fans have too much time on their hands waiting in that welfare office
1	s/o that real bitch
1	red bone but her pusssy hairlessss
0	well done to who correctly answered almeria. 26 yellow, and 1 red card so far this season.
1	hugh hefner has lived the life that most of us men only dream of. the man is 88 and still gettin all the pussy he wants.
1	now put ya ass on this dicc, let me know you that baddest lit bitch.
1	"eating pussy" ... makes sense. y'all gotta grow up. food and sex go hand n hand.
1	you're being a bitch lol but naa serio wassuo
0	he's trash. he said he's not doing collabs for anything less than 10 mil naira like booyyyyyy 
1	that bitch wants everybody out though.. thats the same shit she did to me at one point
1	i'll go to class the last 30 minutes of that hoe
1	she fuck with me cause i ain't no bitch .
1	lmfao i wasn't scanning anything..the fat hoes was hittin me up
1	i feel like the main reason bitches still have stank pus in 2014 is because they genuinely don't know how to wash it prope
1	now i seperate from niggas i don't trust niggas that ain't starve wit me and all the bitches i didn't fuc
1	 nigga was smashing his hoe, had his hoe paying for a condo and he still with her  yep fucboy
1	only great thing these bitches can offer 
1	rebelscience ......its about sharing whaddup&gt; clouds. it not about hogging the windturbines like a fuckin' gasbag son of a bitch.....
1	naughty mature av model has her sweet pussy spread by a hugedick
1	sarcastic cunt, yes
1	amina ass... peter you just fucking the bitch i don't like her voice
0	when kanye said "mayonnaise colored benz, i push miracle whips"
0	fairy tale hat - free crochet pattern for child and adult at
0	&lt;&lt;best name on twitter ever aka; jewbacca&lt;&lt;second best name on twitter
1	being a hoe is a talent. das why girls put booking info in they bio when they get 5k followers
1	damn who knew this whole time that i was the angry negro dude?
1	give me head ; kiss yo bitch , you a ill nigga
1	these niggas run they mouth like bitches
1	imma treat you how you act ... if you act like a bitch you'll get treated like a bitch
1	only pussy niggas wouldn't fuck with a chick if she has stretch marks..
1	back in america, and i've become a basic bitch again.
0	do you want to hear the truth or are you only looking to hear what makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside? i choose truth
1	i love living in minnesota. the weather is bad enough for people to bitch about it but we don't have anything serious. stay safe east coast
1	you a fatherless wallet carrying ass video game playing ass negro breh. you filth. no way you can afford to date a twitterhoney.
1	i got a thick ass neck, tho. 17 1/2 or 18 on these hoes. can't zip my half zip fleece out this bitch.
1	can we please stop talking about how some scumbag faggots mugshot is sexy? you dumb whores.
1	had yo main bitch gettin high..
1	yet you won't tag what a pussy. cripes, what a loser.
0	step up and take your oppurtunity freshfaces iubb hoosiers
1	i be telling mcgirt music ain't enough.you gotta have a non music related agenda.them crackers want to sell something with your face.
1	damn hoe.. you so ugly even hello kitty said goodbye.
1	why u can't just love? because we don't love these hoes
1	a lot of bitches eat ass nowadays 
1	he's like 30 something year old talking back to my mom ; taking my uncles truck without permission like bitch you need to fucken relax
0	overdosing on heavy drugs doesn't sound bad tonight." i do that pussy shit every day.
1	bad bitches is the only thing that i like bblu this saturday bblu suedelounge richgirls
0	well i play flappy bird now and i don't know why
1	she used to be more fun as a hoe ..this new you is to positive
1	this bitch is really gonna sit here and tell me i need a parent w me at the doctors even if i'm 18  uh, no
1	aloha bitches 27 minutes before i caught a 32ft greatwhite okaysomaybeimlying butiwasfishing
1	this wigga didn't follow me back.. smh
1	idgaf if that's sounds illogical, this twitter bitch.
1	you can't be mad when people call you a hoe if you out here acting like one
1	and youre a bitch youre a little fucking worm you know that,
1	bitch who's playing am not worried about you or your little faget ass friends at vines i know niggas at vines to so wtf u say
1	 my co worker talking about what's my twitter name oh no hoe you could never screen shot me to the boss
1	deion's a bitch
1	lol all the kids that act "redneck" in oviedo
0	 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope --top rated spa 718-622-0221 - 24
1	got a couple bitches saying they know me but ima let the money talk for me " and i'm like... wwyd
1	lil stupid ass bitch i don't fuck with you
1	girls watch out for hoes who always have something to say bout your man bc they will be the main one tryin to fuck him behind your back
1	better keep ya shit n line nicca ...
1	playstation is trash. xbox is better ya titties trash
0	only in my hick town can you walk into a national sports bar and get busch light in a can. smh
1	is bored supposed to be cute, you faggot?" sometimes
0	chuckstrong goldswagger thats awesome += hoosiers
1	95% of the truly talented people i've come across are retarded professionally. 95% of the awful, untalented people are on point and polite..
1	monkey see, monkey do, narnfraud? swiftee ; narnfraud = pathetic and disturbed pair of thugs mngop proud? stribpol
1	quit blowing up my feed bitches.
1	when i step off in da club niggas give me daps and hugs hoes swinging dey eye ik one thing right they wanna fuck
0	hugs or kisses?  hugs. it gives you a warm fuzzy feeling.
1	in elementary school i tied a girl to the tetherball pole with the tetherball cause she was bein a bitch.
1	got a iphone for business but the sidekick is for the bitches 
1	thanks, the bitch that proofread my tweets on vacation this week...
1	when i see a fine bitch i don't get excited
1	lol i have an obsession with smell goods. candles...plug ins....spray...the smelly good wax thingys...pussy....
1	lol it's an acronym for: that hoe over there.
0	smh and henny too beer trash af end of story
0	cracker jack work, cdc - did ya think of checking the plane full of people?
1	i need a bitch to go down like i need a beat
1	these nigs like saying they miss the old vice
1	dreaming of the pussy that i slept on, "cat nap".
1	get downstairs you fucking pussy
1	these bitches lonely females in michigan are like those seagulls from finding nemo when it comes to d
1	a girl tweeted "you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies" no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 
0	rudy throws fastballs near charlies chin..(no sweat) crist ducking giuliani campaign politics in florida dog
1	and i'm out bout $50 .. these hoes be pimping me man 
1	lmaooooo bitches be like relationship goals. dumb ass nigga
1	keeping these hoes happy
1	freeze bitch 
1	thanks little bitch 
1	ugliest bitches i've ever seen 
1	so can we just let this faggot in already before he cries himself to sleep
1	nah she said you a fag
1	turn up about to be real , marriott with my bitches for the weekend , mansion tonight , adult swim tomorrow 
1	the biebs is getting fucked right in the pussy
0	i don't own any onslaught on vinyl i may have to get one now. their new lp is available in army green coloured vinyl
1	naw dude i wish, they're white trash
1	makem eat my ass since eating pussy ain't major nomore 
0	oreo ice cream cake
1	he said " like u got the money to do that " don't forget i'm not yo ex bitch, i ain't broke. 
0	i see ya big boi in the oreo v's
1	and little bitch ass
1	fucking flake ass bitches
1	girlfriends hate them friendly bitches 
1	lowkey apple made ios 8 like this so niggas get caught and have to buy their bitches iphone 6s to make up
1	bet her pussy smell like dried up oysters
1	los bitch told me if my name start with a d i could fuck...a b c she got the d
1	facts what baldheaded bitch made this shit.  lmao 
1	real niggah over here
1	y'all trying to use the lord to sell pussy on this corner... i already know
1	i hate the ghetto trash at the special school across the street from my building. all of them will grow up to be criminals.
1	don't be 32 on here and saying "all my friends and everyone i know has a baby". well bitch. life.
1	i can tell from this tweet that you're a twat.
1	loyal pussy forever bein better than the bitch thats been passed around.
1	hey, i don't always go there. sometimes, these three crazy bitches and one suave mfer trick me into going with them
0	khan has been facing nothing but trash since his l to garcia
0	the pirates have made the playoffs and the yankees are out...hell has frozen over
1	hey bitch imy
0	you know i'm not big on the nfl, but i'm so sick of hearing all of this "black and yellow" shit. lol bandwagon fans and hell, go packers
1	get a girl with good hair . u don't want a bitch that got nappy ass hair . yo kids gone end up having bb's nigga 
1	tell these hoes that they gotta glo up one day.
0	last thought before bed: in '92 we had a "mock election" in 3rd grade and i voted for perot. maybe i related to his rea
1	im just a sarcastic lil bitch who loves to sleep and eat
1	you're a bitch and nobody likes you
1	men hop in they feelings much quicker than women. not me  i hop in ya bitch
0	charlie kimball: "i had nowhere to go" indycar mavtv500
1	yeah you played me, yeah you got what you wanted. but jokes on you, you about to be a daddy bitch.
1	wifey had the hoes back then 
1	if we're together  and you don't like that bitch  i don't like that bitch either 
1	coons
1	how you stay faithful in a room full of hoes? 
1	i got a main bitch i got new hoe love my ak but i got my .44
0	bjergsen just made a full as rune page. i don't just me full as reds and quints i mean as reds, blues, yellows, and quints. 47% as
1	it's like when a bitch gotta pretty pussy but it's loose . witchcraft
1	fuck boi fag
1	damn... that's a cold ass honkie
1	called eddie a hoe.... by mistake doe. lol
1	lol its hoe bitch ass
1	you dumb fuck that's not a fucking full address you dumbass i don't live in plano so how the fuck would i know retard
1	juss got this hoe. free so why not? lop :p
1	bunch of insecure bitches out here
1	hoes ain't wana fuck a nigga back then you but all the bitches wana fuck a nigga now
1	females that know they are hoes really the coolest chicks....all sex asideslmao
1	and my mom was really getting me a car smh hoe f u for dat
1	fighting on the internet is like competing in the special olympics, even if you win, you're still retarded.
1	bring it bitch.
1	a nicca is hungry ... as fuck
0	note to self: boiling water hot, monkey brain
1	if you cant see when you have a real woman by yourside through thick and thin. then maybe you do deserve these hoes . si
1	boot up. for u hoe niggas so girls that take bc are hoes? 
0	brandon jennings trash
1	heard ya got a man hoe hope he understand tho
0	get some hagen-dazs ice cream bars, a whole lot, make sure chocolate, gotta have chocolate, man. some popcorn, red popcorn, graham crackers
1	ugly white bitch
1	if you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty
1	playoffs bitch
1	bitch who is you?
1	u look like a dyke in ur pic lol
1	jessie andrews has the best "girl on girl" scenes in porn. love the way she makes bitches cum.
1	my mom tried to get me to buy beaner boots bc they were on sale like i'm not in a mariachi band please stop.
1	that 6 god by drake is so trash, dawg. thank you ass water 
1	every nigga can make a female act like a bitch. thatsafact
1	good morning to you, too, sunshine dirty bitch
1	was like had some gas cause i hit that bitch one time and ended up talkin shit all night bitch was fried 
1	if yo girl cant have homeboys you a ol weak bitch ass nigga"
1	maybe i shoulda informed my cousin of my social anxiety before taking me to this over crowded bar. on the bright side texas has hott bitches
0	"ive had the greatest job in the world. i got a chance to be the shortstop of the new york yankees. - derek jeter
1	cunt nigger fuck balls tits cocksucker piss dick kike. if you can't take swearing, don't go on the god damn internet.
1	lil bitch, you ain't know/you can never score from the sideline, hoe"
1	i'm just upset they got faggots on this show
1	pussy shit
1	i got the streets ina headlock, i got yo bitch ina leg lock
1	new strategy to get bitches: be bruno mars
1	pusha t and ye gonna have to write the whole bitch
1	i hate when black people try and be white so bad ... your a nigger
1	yo bitch wanna fuck the squad
1	shannon said u hoes cant be wit the glo
1	when women are so proud that they don't like to cook ; clean bitch stop being lazy.. it's not cute
0	&lt;&lt; closet muzzie
1	i honestly hate women who bitch ; complain about a nigga playing video games when he still makes time for yall...them 
1	i hear bill likes trailer trash like you.
1	y'all virgo bitches gotta chill thinking y'all beyonc 
1	this bitch is talking to herself who the fuck does that, bitch u need help with yo im hearing vocies in my head, lockthatbitchup..
1	grow up bitch
1	i was 100 steal that bitch
1	i think most men cheat because they're addicted to that new pussy smell.
1	bitch wea ur clothes
1	stay shutting these hoes down..
1	inch that bitch out and flick it wit my tongue like a damn pinada
0	breaking dawn/ i often think about what used to be and was with rose-colored glasses and a gentle 
1	but never to moose lol log off faggot your finished
0	yankee? 
1	yo mother(dedication hoe) - rich homie tono feat. childish miguelito ; young patty.....coming soon sorry4thewait
0	inna di ghetto" you alone lmaoo
0	charlie crist wins democratic primary
0	steek d morele vinger maar in j neus, zelfde soort types bij nato stenigt vrouwen by bosjes
1	lmaooo nigga said a "hol it down" dyke was in the background
1	this is why no one likes you. because you're a bitch. and a slut.
1	lmao he left that bitch
1	did miguel just "hulkamania leg drop" a bitch from the top rope???
1	there it is these bitches be having joint custody dick and acting up. understand that's part time. no benefits.
1	rt bet y'all bitches was deaf to mc lyte's words about being treated like a queen huh
1	next time u gone call a darky a nicca..call dat coon a jungle bunnyboondocks p.s. i...
1	speaking about me all the time tryna make me look bad like you wasn't just eating my pussy .
1	a couple  is "a couple"  not "a couple ; one"  not "a couple ; some"  not "a couple ; plenty"   no hoes no 
0	when other girls wear beanies they look cute ; stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who sel
1	there's a different between ya bitch a ya friends your bitch rey to build wit you your friends just tryna compete.
0	all da white folk off twitter yet? da colored tweet at night while y'all sleep cuz you gotta woyke tomorrow.
1	ot nicca word to the nigga who played jesus
1	the steelers new uniforms look like homosexual bumblebees. wtf?
0	okay, so maybe not every in losangeles is evil. but i would 80% of the people i've encountered have been trash, another 10% barely human.
0	ultimate chocolate chip cookie n' oreo fudge brownie bar
0	if your girlfriend is taller than you, it's her responsibility to take the trash out ; fight off anyone that breaks into you
1	' shawty wanna tell me secrets on how to rap niggah , i tell that bitch it's more attractive when you hold it down  .
1	high then a hoe, hitting this bowl for my nigga rick riprick
1	oomf so fuckin fine tho  dam" her, don't be no bitch.
1	ginobli dropping them bitches like a delta line. 
1	amanda wants fizz to protect her. this dude told yo ass on multiple occasions to let this bitch be.
1	hoes respect niggas who get strait to the point i won't lead a bitch on if all i won't is crash den it will be adressed clearlyturn up
1	a loyal girl truly does come with a smart mouth ; arguments,only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she
1	puffy face hoes
1	what these bitches want from a nigga?, like on some dmx shit
1	you wouldn't know fag
1	you just worried bout the bitches, i got one girl and she my girl no one else can hit it
1	lmao bitch shut up
1	lol i 4got rose been dat nicca tho 1 never forget.lol yee i was trippin
0	tyrese trash
1	y'all moms was hoes with no morals so i ain't surprised
0	jihadis turn washington national cathedral into mosque for friday prayers lnyhbt ccot teaparty gop tgdn
1	idk what's worse then a broke hoe with potential
1	you been the side hoe omg 
1	i only fuck with bad bitches i'm stiff
1	i know a lot of using ass hoes that just want bread an wheels from nigga go grind bitch
1	nile... i'm really sad that i don't have enough friends to ever be called "a pack of niggers" with. that's my fuckin dream
1	insecure much put all you insults in one tweet. fucking dumbass dude i'd wreck you you faggot
0	trash
1	chi ain't no bitch then you got them assyrian kings on california and peterson 
1	why give a bitch ya heart when she rather have a purse.
0	i call this the 100gram sugar delight or a heart attack. it's a poptart twinkie ; a honeybun
0	.....i think its about whites trying to be the most blackish ......what we in socal call "wiggers". liberals democrats
1	it's scheduled up already, tho bitches&gt; bryancranston&gt; one tweet and he's got joepesci out there making fun of stolenbases&gt; baseball
0	*spits out animal cracker* this doesn't even taste like hippo.
1	i love my family, but i wouldn't even need water to pop that red pill. that hoe is getting taken swiftly.
1	math is fucking useless.... algebra 2 not gon help me pull bitches the fuck....
1	most niggas send hate thru the bitches
0	if those captcha pictures get any more fuzzy i'm going to need a bot to decipher them
1	i ain't afraid to cut a bitch, or open a package or somethin. gangsta
1	so far today every time i try to load an article from the blaze on twitter the site crashes. wtf is selibus doing now the cunt
1	attractive girls are always the most insecure...  while these shrek looking bitches, walk around thinking their the shit 
1	"this bitch is just dead weight" - pallbearers
1	get with the winning team hoe 
1	pulled up on this coco ratchet on my way home  yes bitch
0	my score on flappy bird is higher than the broncos score right now
1	it's either your getting pussy or are one what will it be?
1	woof woof. sexy thug boy scally.
0	week from thursday might be the last yankees game to look forward to in a while. if nothing else jeter deserves that night 
0	charlie sheen could coach better than crusty dusty. yeah they hired bryan price, the pitching coach
1	this nigga gotta weird gay shoe fetish...; i'm sick of y'all letting this island nigger slide
1	lmaoo man this bitch thinks she's so intelligent.
1	"stop being such a bitch" me:
1	your new bitch my old hoe
1	i wish i was a bitch like my brother keezy " ooooow i bet you do
1	the south is full of white trash. the midwest is full of white trash. the west coast if full of white trash.
1	well he's a cunt and he can suck my ass
1	girls be looking for reasons to do hoe shit
1	dream job for a pedophile dressing up like mickey mouse and hugging kids all day
1	you old bitter,salty ass niccas make my flesh crawl off my bones such bitches you are dontarguejustacceptit
1	too many faithful girls are single, and too many hoes are taken.
0	klain's real (sole) job is to dampen down the mushrooming bad pr and political fallout heading into nov election.
1	fuck a title bitch throw that ass back ye ye
1	: ayee ayee it's my snow niqqa ;; it's for my bitches to slide to my crib
1	made one of my all time favorites look like a bitch on the grandest stage of em all
1	oooow that bitch lace front is lace fucked
1	the things i do for this bitch smh
1	bitch.....k?
1	lol nahh bitch dont put yo life on me ole cant drink water after 8 ass nigga pissinindabedassboy
0	the conjuring wasn't trash. it just wasn't as good as insidious.
1	bunch of pussies.
1	i don't see how ud get pussy when u yourself are a pussy.
1	that nig darion couldn't help but act like the camera was on him... he didn't keep any composure eattin those crawfish hahaha
1	i hate when i lose something and my mom says well i guess it wasn't that important like bitch you lost me in a grocery st
1	just smoked a whole 8th of that reserve, thanks to my niggah
1	he is a pussy an wouldn't show up bro
0	i still be craving an oreo mcflurry b;
1	it's trash ik just wanted to fuck with dorsey
1	when i was in 6th grade it was a lil bitch at my school in 5th and she was pregnant like wtf i barely new what pussy looked like that young
1	i don't care about none of these bitches 
1	wussup bitch
1	bitch my dick is yo dinner
1	gov. rick scott kicks charlie crists ass
1	she be thinking she throwing that pussy back so good and all she doing is throwing ya nut process off
0	would you be interested in some eggplant? twerk on me
1	what's it like being a cold hearted cunt?
1	its swag bitch aha
1	was just informed that "crunk ain't dead ho" lol okay sure
1	"so he's a good football player...but he still acts like a nig"
0	world cup 2014 diary: argentina mock brazil with twirling towels (photo: getty)
1	niggas whole hoes out here cuz" couldn't had said it better..
0	even the birds think this waking up early thing is bunk.
1	bring winter back... this 70 degrees at 7 am shit is for the birds---get the fukkk outta here bro
1	dat dawg live betta den most colored folk in my hood
1	bitch im real nigga the fuck u mean weak ass nigga i do me i dont pretend to be someone im not so u can shut that shit up fuk boy
1	half of yall hoes anyways. so the ones with thigh gaps get a friend without em. have a nigga fuck yall both and ask him who got better pussy
1	i dont love these hoes .
1	every female owns a thong if she wear thongs she a hoe lol both facts
0	got to 8 on flappy birds can you say happiest girl on earth
1	they game is over fuck yall bitches ; yall attitudes 
1	you guys wanna skull fuck some clay birds this weeknd???
1	when a bitch says you're broke
1	smashed a werewolf chick and thought she was related to so i felt guilty but then later discovered he didn't know the ho
0	a photographer hid in a trash can to get these adorable engagement photos
1	all theses hoes on me , they so phony 
1	unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes. ;; unloyal guys turn good women into big time bitches...
1	he be like "bitch dontouch my braids"
1	chris brown got no chill button..... why sell a bitch out on social media tho? like not even a subliminal, buddy took time to
1	"you're such a bitch" me:
1	i'd sell anything if people are willing to buy it, how highly do prostitutes think of their pussy to sell that
1	lol i never understood retards who use the atm and pay a $2 fee to get $20 and put it in gas so the don't pay the credit price -_-
1	so y we ordering lunch at work to be delivered n it's like 10 ppl goin n n i'm the only one wit a card n this ho gonna say..
1	bitch u forcin it talkin about my family and shit watch out
1	bitches on me bout da lil flexin shit on snapchat  bitch please
1	you're right i'll take girl on the right over kim any day u support that hoe?
1	hidey hidey hoe white folk be all noyvous round coloreds
1	sundy a old school ho tho
1	we salute the vets  tuesday jihadi bitch slaying: mk-48, m203s fired at taliban cockroaches du... tcot pjnet
1	he's saying...he doesn't discriminate. he like darkskin hoes he like lightskin hoes he like asians. as long as they bad.
1	my nig said he don't see the differences between pornos and monster ball.... my face 
1	i'm a wigger
1	ain't my gf you lil nigguh stfu  glory be to god then lmfaooooooo 
1	i aint worried about a nigga takin my bitch.
1	top notch bitches
1	ummmmmm okay you got hoes from left to right  do yah thang
1	aw omg this show made me cry  i'm such a pussy manyou really are
1	who the fuck puts a block of cheese in they room without a refrigerator ghetto ass niggas eases, like that's just the thing to do wrong.
0	yeah hoe but the babies are innocent lol so gabriella still got her sister a birthd
1	and i are on our way to fuck your bitch
1	when she says she not a hoe
1	karma is a bitch
1	way too many pussies who just lay down and do nothing in my generation. both literally and figuratively.
1	the word bitch don't apply to all women but all women got a little bitch in em
1	can't turn a hoe into a house wife babbyyy.
1	my bitch do all that and still go out
1	we can't be cool if you gonna be a little bitch all the time
1	murder her when u fuck with crazy bitches shit like this happens :( feel bad for ol boy
1	happy birthday to the funniest bitch i know 
1	i don't want no boof hoes or no burnt girls
1	i'm not a ho like you. your body count probably is close to 100
1	this is fucking retarded
0	palmer to fitzgerald - touchdown 7-yard slant gives arizona the 7-0 lead. 8 plays, 79 yds
1	gabby is such a hoe
1	all my hoes they so rude
1	true sand niggers ; bum brits claim he's a atg hall of fame legend smh
1	squad builders gets you bitches
0	god people can be so mean. this asian guy held the door for these girls and they said they were surprised he could see it with his slant eye
1	don't fucc wit coward cuz he a bitch n left la
1	my pussy is totes adorbs when she jumps on my bed with litter stuck to her. the cat is fucking annoying when she does it.
1	please control yo hoe 
0	 i guess ill just trash this drawing because of roster changes...
0	charlie bit me
1	women hate hoes becuz they fuckin up the economy
1	i really don't like that nigguh paul tho
1	the nicer you are, the easier you're hurt. so just be a bitch
1	these bitches dead be sucking and fucking niggaz with no condom...then wanna rock a whitw dress the next day like bout dem clean
1	god bless those delusional bitches still trying to keep "duck face" alive.
1	i was gone for 2 days don't her bitch ass miss me
1	why i was bouta grab dem hoes yeterday outta hook ups 
1	behind every lame ass nigga... is a lame ass bitch that is constantly telling him how real he is...
0	when you colored every day is sunday
1	curly girls is where its at and you bitches need to get with it
0	pic circulating on jihadi feeds claiming an "isis flag" on top of mount arafa in the holiest day of pilgrimage
0	when people say coloured
0	early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese risengrind 
1	k, niggah do u evem shmoke
1	lol the bitch not responding,lol it's cool imma get one i jus trusted that more
1	he said "ready bitch okay" lmfaoooooooo so done
1	it doesn't just affect kids. it affects the faculty, the staff, that work at these schools that are queer.
1	straight pussy
1	i wish hoes didn't bore me....i wouldn't have this problem and would shop at hoes r us every day...
1	i dont mind gay people but the flamboyant "hey look at me ima faggot" kinda gays annoy me. bruh just play wit ya booty in peace. ion care.
0	fingers crossed for you. if not? chug chug chug lol
1	eeeeeeeee you got the hoes
0	go the gulls. first grade should be a cracker. physical
1	try some 2 chainz. i heard he has some big booty hoes.
1	why am i being such a bitch today? lol
1	or the teach might get u got i really hate a disrespectful ass bitch in class. the professor is talking you stfu bitch.
1	when a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch can't cook nothin for you  these hoes ain't hungry " do
0	can't wait till i get my full appetite back. only ate a half ghetto sandwich. no lettuce, no nothing.
1	i realized tacal is a bitch
0	"you look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning"
1	lilith lee  hot blonde teen fucks her tender pussy with adildo
1	all the uchiha are. sasuke is probably the biggest faggot of all time
1	we all know a bitch named natalie
0	happy blubloods friday off to to sit down with the gang on cbs this morning join us in the 8 o'clock ho
0	my best friend says i don't need to be in love right now .... he thinks its too soon to love monkey....
1	woke up cold thenna bitch n stomach on flat fr 
1	eyebrows up and down like wall street homes... y'all bitches wilding with pencil 
1	whatchu know bout livin in the ghetto, eating cottage cheese 3 times a day. lil salt lil peppa lil a1, lil barbeeequeee
1	aint shit without my scale bitch i live that bag life
1	i remember playing the halo 4 episodes with the pussy finished all chapters without me. fuck him.
1	when kendrick lamar said "i call a bitch a bitch, a hoe a hoe, a woman a woman." i knew he was onto something. he was pre
1	big booty = sour face ,no hair ,or she a hoe.
1	people downloading time hop to be reminded they were faggots a year ago too
0	bro u trash at that zombies
1	idk who gave that bitch my name idk who gave that bitch my name or number  anti captain sav
1	' niggahs stay thinkin i want they girl  not nevvvvva niggah .
1	all these clocks and we still don't have time for these hoes
1	esj got some ugly hoes yeah, and them leon g. students ain't making no better. 99.9 of em fugly.
1	yes ; no is it ok to beat a bitch up over some tweets or nah?
1	dawg you ever fuck a bitch and she start to cry? you be confused as shit
1	german gay guy left in critical condition after being fag bashed in belgrade
1	*karate karrenchi still a bird ass bitch
1	yall bitches only muslim when yall hair fucked up ctfu stop that youngs
1	you either gay or straight don't talk to me bitch please 
1	you're a retard
0	it's also a bird, a city, and a math theorem. i make no assumptions
1	niger
1	your bitch want to fuck the squad 
1	yu ah hoe"lmfao,
1	weeknd make muzik for the hoes b, im tryna meet these women he be talkin bout
1	i thincc i'm a pretty average bitch ya know 
1	this bitch literally just said "normal people shouldn't work out in this gym because so many body builders workout here"
1	that pussy ain't yours broski. it's jus your turn
1	bitches don't know if they wanna play basketball or look sexy bro
0	that crow has socks
1	if you like chocolate or sodapop and you tweet bad about happycolumbusday..............you are a fuckin" retard hypocrite&gt;
1	hoes get mad when they think you forget them
1	and you a funny ofay my mammy woulda been happy i made friends wit da folk dat brought us to da new world in chains
1	happy valentines day big booty bitches. 
1	ogs love too see a yung nicca come up
1	is it a crime if a nigga just wanna eat pussy?
1	thot is a childish wordgrow up and call that bitch a hoe.
0	dubya hates todays teabagger movement.
1	don't be a bitch to someone who can out bitch you.
0	my oriental gallery blog: the new land of free enterprise
1	i'm so excited to hang out with my bitches
1	dnt play with yo girl heart thats why her pussy there for .
0	guess who's eating cracker b without you
1	that nigga john ain't ah real older nigga forreal.. he let vick brotha bitch out on maplerow
1	your pussy so bomb i call it dynamite
0	the new nip dropped today rii?
1	inb4 you unfunny nigger kill yourself
1	i won't say how many bitches i fucked but i might say how many 100s i touched 
1	why is everyone who thinks you're an unfunny pandering jizzbag automatically a troll? and he hate colored folk
1	ever met a bitch that fucked with your nigga but was to pussy to admit it ? a bitch for a bitch.
1	would i be a bitch if i said yea but never told you where i stay at?
0	why won't we run the ball? our offensive coordinator is retarded
1	swag swag swag bitch moooob
1	omg when yo side bitch find the gift you bought for ya girl lmfaoooooooo
1	you to bitch
1	she bitch goddess thinks she owns new york????? .........wait...... lameapocalypses
1	aye yall ima tryout for the bowling team frfr tryouts passed tho" no theres two more retard
1	too many bitches got rabies and i hate a ho hoppin' woman stank pussy-poppin' woman
1	hairy pussy bitch you the type that got herps
0	if ashton is trash then what does that make me come on guys someone like ashton can't be trash, he makes too many people smile
1	i eats the pussy.
1	im a westside niggah so you know im rockin wit game
1	your bitch in houston
1	ona niggas i'll really beat dat hoe up
0	one of the great treasures of living in san diego is ready access to mexican twinkies made with real sugar and mexican coca cola.
1	faggot
1	when you realize you're trash
0	yup egg nog trash rap
1	wussup bitch
1	; bitch.. what?
0	may the bird of paradise fly up your nose. may an elephant caress you with his toes. may your wife have runners u
1	i need to change myself first. im retarded as fuck
1	that bitch needs a tittielift
1	pats owner is a kike.
1	you know you kinda seem like a nasty bitch. 
1	first game first play. dat can fuck my bitch
1	is that fire works  or pussy poppin nigga wtf sounds like something you'd say
1	i swear to god whitney is a regina george.  wow im a bitch 
0	that mocha colored chick doe&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; think i fell in love
1	my pussy popz severely
1	ohmygod please don't be a bitch to me today.
1	looked like you but at the same time looked like some biker bitch or punk rock bitch from a 90's movie
0	dink now uknow thats not true
1	i remember a time when hilfiger wus seen as being above polo...until he said he aint wan niggers wearing his ish...
1	all these forms and bitch you still don't get what i'm saiyan
0	see the jumbotron? thats where the jig is
1	bitch you said you don't even like trae , fuckin poser
0	jihadis seem to be more upset over the location of the jedah conference in saudi than its purpose isis
1	chill if i ever become president imma ban henny from america..... for a day, just to see you negroes panic. "gotcha bitch"
1	hoes get in this bitch ... talk about irrelevant shit ... 
1	this bitches voice 
1	1. knew he was gettin pussy later 2. he yakked 3. you look stoned as hell
1	send that bitch a smiley face. bitches love smiley faces :)
1	if u say blessed u r hashtag lying and r probably unhappy w/ ur life fake bitches lolz
1	bitch ain't fall down or nothing. bet she can take more licks than you. no?
0	where has this been all year? but still firecashman yankees
0	were gunna shake our honkey tonk badonkadonks (':
1	go dumb bitch do your dumb dance
1	bitch.
1	you a hoe.
1	perfect smoking weather haha bro i ain't even in my hood yet and i already got hoes trying to say was up from other towns
1	i've never felt this comfortable around a crazy in my life. ole cool crazy ass bitch. this my nigga right here.
1	i had wack dick until i started messing with white hoes. they stuck around ; let a young goon practice on em.
1	asha my bitch doe 
1	basically any foams over a 8 ugly... all dem bitches look big long an floppy (nh)
1	lmao im bein foreal fuck all them bitches like that
1	i hope out making they moneyy..lol aye... whr da hoes at..????
1	"i'm a dirty ass nigga with a clean dick. fucked a bitch in her ass then she sucked my dick." omg lil b we aren't ready.
1	i know if i don't move out by next year my mom gonna bitch at me the whole time i live with her
1	if you jump someone you're a bitch
1	this bitch backed into my car twice.. not once but 2 times.
1	this lil thot bitch really tried to run game on me
1	text me u nigglet
1	my phone was dead fag man
1	idgaf about someone havin a cure,let this bitch burn
1	females so dirty bro real talk you gotta play these bitches now day because if you don't they still gonna do it to you
1	falls in that pussy like quick sand 
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	everyone thinks of you as a hoe so idk why you're trying to talk 
1	is it wrong if i get on this bitch and started talking shit ?yes
1	when i see you walk up i think hoe
1	oh yeah and fuck the lakers too, bitch boi
1	if a bitch choosin let her choose lmao that is all
1	bitch u kno my game tight
1	if you want to buy anything, you just talk to the bottom bitch and then the bottom bitch talks to me do you know what i am
1	behind every independent woman, is a pack of hating hoes
1	i know imma broke ass bitch
1	up in this bitch like elevators
1	i looked retarded
1	bitch ion talk to 3  shit ion even talk to 1 can you even name 1 ? lol
1	russian roulette that hoe
0	i used to chug vodka and orange juice. i also used to chug vodka and gatorade... i used to chug vodka.
1	he's a beaner not a nigga
1	lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to decipher it.
1	i'm gonna miss that bitch of a bus driver..."no you won't. don't lie
1	marijuana, hydro, pussy hoe, ass titties
1	wizard turned into a hoe after a break up
1	when you tryna get bitches on linkedin
0	hey fans is this a good score ? lookingformore
0	speaking of ford and garland, i need to get my sub from there. and a job application. lol killin 2 birds with one stone merica
1	i think imma patent disposable douche, in ketchup type packages. bitches can be sanitary and discreet. for the hoe on-the
1	wtf r u talking about i was in plano tx what r u talking about pussy boy
0	whats it say... i see bird in it... lmao
1	i'm signing up and it's ghetto as fuck lmaoo
0	woah, the depth of this ollusion is unreal. ollusions
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	shot out to my main bitches and my side bitches
0	imessage so trash
1	which twitter bitch isn't selling chokers
0	boston's jihadi nest and student arm of the muslim brotherhood  joe for america via
1	my partna from mississippi told me 2weeks ago, "i got 2 weeks to fuck all these ok hoes, 2014 i'm stepping my game up" 
1	just come stop in this bitch cause im bout to get off
0	"you men are trash if your homeboy is cheating and you dont tell his wife/girl and break up their family." lolno
0	josef just pitted. slight possibility he can make it the remaining 67 laps but i highly doubt it. will need yellow. indyfest
1	bad bitch
1	all these hoes sooo average  of course
1	;; some of you hoes too...
1	i let these bitches talk. that's just free promotion .
0	even though lil wayne's music has turned into trash, no ceilings and i am not a human being will always be my favorites.
1	and just like me that bitch loaded.
1	fags
1	if i smoke with ya bitch its over
1	ohh bitch you might pass lol
1	me bitch
1	bitches that dress like this pussy taste like hot dog water and bad grades.
1	lmfaooo i can't yo . this bitch has officially crossed the line 
1	little bitch
1	yassssss, ordered chinese " bitch you just ate tacos you fat fuck
1	man i rather see the morning selfies of bitches who dont change they look with the case of the mondays then see the jay/bey poster. ijs.
0	youre cheating on mickey bubbles :o
1	there is a company which sells menstrual pads for pet dogs called "bitch diapers".
1	exes swear they can do better, then you see their next bitch ..... "
0	the kikes want to charge you  dollaz for the complete version
0	mixtape sell sole got some bangers
1	i still laugh at maniac being scared of needles,i bet he was crying like a bitch when he got his gay ass tat
1	bitches be like "i'm a virgin"
1	rick is not a bitch. thewalkingdead
1	yall don't want a nigga unless other bitches want him.. but when you get him you get mad cuz those same bitches still want him. ?
1	nigga what bitch i'm talking bout boxing can u read?
1	that was my faggot rant for the night.
1	i don't put nothing pass nobody when it comes money n pussy.
1	i play wit pussy not these niggas
1	welding with your shirt off is the redneck version of tanning lol
1	yeah, some niggas are straight bitches.
1	i hate a stuck up bitch. likeeee stfu. you ain't shit special.
1	danny will be in deep deep water at 147 too many badass sons of bitches up there
1	ya lit stupid ass bitch i ain't fuccin witchuuuu 
1	which one of you hoes then downloaded that jailmail app....
1	tyga used to be good before he got into this swag fag shit
1	when the ghost picks u up after u dive in the pussy
1	since you gave me the pussy that ass getting fatter
1	i wish you wood, like a tree in this bitch.
0	peace my friend..only peace..i am not your enemy..dont say that word again..look at my facebook wall..one of my best friends ever was a moor
1	what be the peckin order? 1 white christian 2 colored 3 porto ricans 4 arab 5 jews i donts know. i be axin
1	the solution is simple : buy a bitch
0	i've got a birds eye view of all the secrets you keep.
1	these bitches singing this song tho -_-
1	being a nigger isn't a color it's a state of mind
1	your gay stfu, dumb monkey
1	tcby with these hoes  ||
0	tracy morgans car wreck and the press was covered by zappa in the 60's..."some joker with a brownie and ye'll see it all complete"
1	like the new avi. my twitter is retarded and shows you in the cubs hat but when i stalk your profile it show the new one
1	hell yeah i got bokoo hoes when i had my fro
0	don't judge me monkey
1	pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go chea
1	at least he went up and wasn't a bitch
1	i need ran theo and theo homie rocking the cool i need some free shit or some hoes
1	i called you hoe lol
1	who is that pink hat guy, cody? caleb? either way he is a over emotional bitch. bb16
1	being single and not texting no bitches late night almost wacker than coming home after the club drunk and fuckin your girlfriend
0	parents television council: 'scandal' sex scene after charlie brown was not ok |
1	"i said i don't like it, it tastes like wolf pussy" "what? how do you even know what that tastes like"
1	he rip that bitch 
1	"it's allegations, were u in the bedroom? did u see it?" words of a naive ; blind bitch. we know ur husband cheated on u. ramona is dumb
0	sheryl crow being the bae
0	lakers on....i thought trash day was monday
1	power bomb dat hoe
1	u call me dumb but u speak on shit u don't know nothing about yea look who's fucking talking retard
1	bad asian bitch yea she look just like kemora
1	too many faggots on here that think they can address me by my first name
1	you can't tell a bitch shit when they get a job 
1	auburnnn hoe
1	you tell me, coon.
1	not finna play with the bitches lmao
1	why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head. i hope a bee sting they ass
1	not only that.. after he pushed him he stepped back lolol. that was some pussy shit
0	you realize im going to have to get out all those horror and other poems i wrote abo
1	ok now you're talking my language, none of this pussy-whipped rino whining
1	sorry that i came into your pussy like a wrecking ball.
1	a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress reliever doctors recommend
1	saw a homeless man sleeping in a box surrounded by bubble wrap. must be his new alarm system. you aren't even funny bitch
1	thats just me rooting against a team i hate not banwagoning u retard u have a different favorite
0	yankees 6-0. nine straight hits. price... not your night.
1	i hate when people think i'm mad or sad cause i'm not talking.. nah i'm chillin bitch.
1	a bitch could never come out of her mouth and speak on shit that she has no idea what she's talking about.
0	nj-sole sole sauce get those soles icy again
1	if i fuck a nigga bitch ima just record it an keep fuckin her til she play dumb then ima have to show him
1	i hate when bitches try to talk shit with chipped nails
1	what a hoe
1	;; when tha bitches start hating  that's wen a bitch lost me 
0	what a clam shame
1	cocky bitches with front teeth that stick out from suckin they thumb &lt;
1	if a mf really like you, they'll drop all their hoes, exes, ; groupies and focus only on you.. 
1	light skin girls is the biggest hoes?
0	i'm not from the ghetto.
1	kik me u nigglet i need to know when we outs to the pool
1	bitch. 
1	these hoes needa stop tryna split relationships and get they're own damn man
1	blocked his fuzzy butt ignore this low life creature...."
1	i dont know a niggah that could cover for me
1	message me hoe i need to plan stuff.
1	you know a bitch mad when she throw her drink  now she got to find another nigga to buy her another one
0	game 128 preview: houston astros at new york yankees
1	u want a cookie tomorrow bitch
0	let's go for the sweep yankees subwayseries
1	where y'all be at oh we going fight come to town east bitch
1	basically, i'm the shit bitch
1	nice body parts on ugly bitches is the worst.
0	hats on us not trash tho lol
1	wigg i love you bitch 
1	i am out i can't listen to joe bitch about things he did himself and tell half truths. msnbc your viewers deserve better morningjoe
1	you a hoe nigga forreal
1	known to take a nigga bitch real quick
1	bruh really rocking a toaster on his face lmaoooo he prolly got 0 bitches too man.
1	man ducked me like a true hick. would have split that white trash faggot lid
1	i popped a molly every day last year beatthatbitch
1	[9-1-13] 2:50 pm "son of a bitch ate my mac n cheese"
1	rt lol  just so u faggots know
1	wifey means the pussy good right now but you gotta go in 2 months.basically
1	u got niggas an i got bitches 
0	its the start of another yellow jacket season tonight how about a for all the jacket fans gtvt1 ...
1	no nigga ever ask before he hit either body counts don't matter yall treat all bitches the same anyway, st
1	pussy so good had to save that shit for later 
1	*gigantic what a big faggot. chubbs bout to earl.
1	damn.. it's hotter than a bitch
1	get yo bitch jumped by 6 nigguhs
1	aint no hoe worth loosing your wife, aint no beef worth loosing your life
1	had to block his bitch ass
1	side niggas get pussy and main niggas get arguments
1	they got some trashy ass hoes out here
1	oh hell no fuck you uncle tom bitch, i remember yo punk broke ass
1	these newly gay bitches don't kno how shit works"
0	psa: reduced fat oreos are waxy and don't soften properly when dunked in milk. stay away from them, they're unnatural dietschmiet
1	pretty boy face awee thanks faggot
1	big bitches be like  im thick yea bitch atound the midsection
1	bitches
1	good pussy will make a nigga cum quick shit be over faster than a vine video
1	fml both or half breed ex at the gym. ugh
1	reathie phone jumping out the gym finna cut this bitch off
1	i hate salty bitches
1	bitch nobody want you
1	my flow sicker then then the bitch magic johnson was lickin
1	pussy ass schedule
1	this white boy reached 999 in flappy bird, im so done with life...
1	lol everyone's a lil bitch
1	youaremoreattractive if u a real bitch
1	when the baddest bitch in school walk by
1	fags god damn
1	"i got a bitch set it off like jada picket..queen latifah you riding round with your nieces bitch you titi"
1	slap a hoe with a rusty axe ash my blunts on her ass
0	when i make a paper ball in the trash can
1	one room full of bad bitches . lmao can't believe i'm kicking it with my mains from myspace .
1	i would dead upper cut that bitch
1	i just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap 
1	dp = double penetration aka a dick in the ass and a dick in the pussy at the same damn time.
1	watchu smiling in da can foe nigguh,
1	sooner or later ya pussy gon tell me the truth, let's hope it's not while i'm in it, cause ima kill u
1	yankee noodle is fucking awesome ya bastard.
1	nuggas be to obsessed with the homies. like the cant bag bitches
1	these hoes is lost hahaha how much you wanna bet she don't get the job lmao
1	oh no no no. you're perpetually in the 15%. your hairy pussy tho.... different story.
1	i got the streets in a head lock, i got yo bitch in a leg lock
0	johnny football is trash man. trash. lol.
1	when bitches in the library start acting up
1	all these break ups gon be a crazy hoe free agency this summer doyourgoogles
1	follow a nicca on ig: im_hollywood_jay
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	chief keef is trash.i'm glad someone said it
1	yass bitch yass 
1	niggah follow me back 
1	your vaginal walls are inflammed by a fuck nigga that's fucking you and a few other bitches. cut em as you complete your treatment.
1	follow me u sexy bitch
1	nice avi lil nigger
0	good ol' charlie. wwc
1	put ya hands up if you a grade a bitch
1	you ain't squad lil bitch
1	vienna sausage clit i suck dat bitch. dont yall eva believe a colored man dont eat no pussay
0	if you're playing flappy bird: 1-800-273-8255 national suicide prevention lifeline. to save lives
1	i dont fuck youuu u lil stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin wit you u lil dumbass bitch i aint fuckin wit you
1	yeah, i had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you, so hit me up when you pass through
1	call me a dumb bitch but ion even know wtf "ebola" is 
0	trash
1	like "look at this annoying little 17/18 year old asking for a ride haha fuck her poser bitch ass"
1	chubby hoes .....
1	y'all remember that tall ass dyke named jay??? lmfaooo
1	free my niggah
1	bitches get away with too much behind their social media accounts. popular on twitter and instagram but lame and broke as fuck i
1	these hoes a fool too
1	i don't care about none of these bitches
1	nothing worse than a baby bitch pussy. go fly a kite
1	you mine meaning respect the fact that i don't want you talking/chilling, or anything with a bitch that use to like you
1	your voice mail little bitch ass nigga
1	the most likely signs to be crazy bitches: aries taurus gemini cancer leo virgo libra scorpio sagittarius capricorn aq
1	naw u keep it 100% fake get yo lame ass on somwhere wigga hell no get on somwhere
1	i'm out slipping mollies in the jell-o cosby out here fucking bitches with pudding pops lmao"
1	kawasaki dating a faggot smh
1	i'm fuking every night up in my new house .. cause bitch i worked to hard fa this new house .. 
0	what a trash franchise. fergie will sing the national anthem at the clippers season opener tomorrow.
1	' have you ever had sex ina cherry red vet witha fat trap niggah keep that pussy sooo wet  .
1	"yo can i sublet your pussy" shitfahdsays
1	my bitch is in town
1	besides my sisters, this is one of two bitches you will always catch me with.
0	tom brady slowly becoming washed? nah.. his weapons just trash
1	call my son "nigger": even respectable white ppl will be uncomfortable w/ you. call him "thug":you probably can get off w
0	guess i'll have to add robin williams right next to charlie chaplin. now adam sandler remains my only favorite comedian left.
1	burnt tho .. jus like a nicca 
1	tired of these niggas turning females into stuck up bitches
1	really u use in another nigga name and u follow a nigga who doesn't fucking like you your a faggot kok eyed mother fucker
1	all i remember was the fat bitch stealing the kfc bucket ; hauling ass
1	i swear i can't do shit right now but i'm down to get into something tonight if u are nig
0	riff raff is trash
1	k.michelle shaped but it's fakeshe pretty but she a manly bitch.and the little mermaid hair just looks foolish.
1	by not being an unloyal retard
1	eda the 2 queers at aa lol
1	oomf a fake bitch ass nigga point blank period. smh awwww shittttttt
1	all these ratchet bitches killin gossip girl
1	the way this niggah just flinched at this movie was priceless
1	hate when bitches tryna put you in the friendzone...bitch i'm tryna score, put me in the end-zone
0	sunday's are the day to chug through while everyone else around you is obsessing with what their fave football team does and fantasy league.
0	kanyeeeeeee is just a yard ape acting idiotjust stupid...
1	lmao.. bitches hate u but still follow u...
1	"i woke up like thi-" bitch go back to bed
1	i'm totally tired of being saudi arabia's bitch... it's gotten wayyyy old.
1	jealousy will make a bitch do anything. thirst will make a nigga do anything.
1	if a teacher gave me some pussy in elementary school i got to tell somebody.
1	this bitch forehead. hairline. who lied to her ; approved this shit 
1	i'm fine af in that hoe
1	ball is life? no bitch bench is life 
1	you and should name a group called mob - moaning old bitches
0	jihadis keep on prattling about having shot down today what they think is an apache helicopter. maybe it was an mi-35?
1	2 or 3 hoes for everything 
0	atl, bvb, sws, ptv, the relapse symphony, set it off, farewell, my love, mayday parade, fob, paramore, etc
1	if my anger materialized, it would be a fucking atom bomb to blow this bitch up.
1	makes you a pussy. making stupid internet threats. you're a child and if it is about you which idk if it is, it's probably deserved.
1	that last tweet was just song lyrics. i don't really like bad bitches, i like pretty chicks. bad bitches cheat too easily and too often
1	light skin niggah 
1	y'all can have these so called "bad bitches". i'm looking for a nerd like rocky balboa had.
1	yaz bitch yaz,
1	come to the davis show and celebrate with me you retard
1	no the fuck it doesn't it's a fucking song wtf r u talking about. yes the fuck i can bitch
1	on twitter you ho%s can jus take a pic with your ass out and be somebody..smh...
1	man i thought that heifer was yo old bitch, when you first went to the feds i was that nigga she would smoke with.
1	lmao drake is on some bullshit with serena williams, wallah she looks like a tranny
1	a girl who getting it in school and work.... i applaud you y'all the real bitches y'all doing what you do and doing it well
1	you gots da bet and da msnbc wit dat colored reverend who only listen to coloreds. what else i missing?
1	lol "active" idgaf about an active hoe as long as she's not fucking my man. need to learn how to mind your business.
1	' she love it when i talk to her crazy  suck a niggah dick , with a whole lotta spit  let it drip  yea catch...
1	damn i always be tweeting you halfassed tweets  i meant to say hoes still dont make sense..
1	so she's retarded?
1	this guy is 100% retarded.
1	school ghetto as fuck
1	fuck no my school boring and ghetto
1	hoe yu erbody bitch 
1	that pic is now circulated by jihadis with a call to kill him. saudi isis syria
1	hmm every bitch i fucked wit is a hoe never met a real female in my life
1	you got 15k followers n the same bed sheets from last month .. these bitches be confrused ( ) voice
1	i got my dawg norris some blue flames for his bday dat bitch couldn't even drink it.... but u no pop alcoholic ass downed it
1	naw fuck u bitch and go suck up cartier
1	ugh the bitch name was leather
1	been told by a lot of people that i'm cool then a hoe, and that they don't understand why someone wouldn't like me
1	weed nigguh.. retweet that
1	ask your bitch about me she turns into dori. 
1	the nig is fun to watch got to admit, ebola boy can speak broken spanish too lol
0	my teacher always says "has a man ever abused his wife while using marijuana? not unless she hides the oreo cookies then she deserves it."
1	gansitos are atg beaner candy
1	can my school please fuckin remove these random ass trash cans in the middle of the hallway that i always fuckin run into
1	psh if a (sexy) bitch gotta sexy voice she can easily get shit goin
0	egg nog taste like what bird doodoo look like
1	this bitch just blew my high  and i was high off all of these drugs 
0	libs trash saira blair, an 18-year-old republican who won a seat in the west virginia legislature
0	allen west ; the slippery slope of obama's constitutional contempt pjnet ccot
0	washpost describes charlie crist's bizarre obsession with fan between legs to stop sweat when asked/answering questions dog
1	y'all can say "imma make it way farther than you."all you want but aye i'm gonna have fun bitch so suck a diiiccckkk
1	if you fuckin for your rent you a lame hoe
1	thinking you're the godfather of maddiston lol, you're the fucking wee bitch man. if you've got a problem come to mine, al snap ur spine.
1	these hoes sad man
1	lol imma look at a bitch ass if i wanna
0	then zerah the cushite came against them with an army of one million men and 300 chariots. they came as far as mare
0	ima trash in fantasy
1	omfg i'm about to murk a bitch all i see is red dude
1	finger my throbbing pussy
0	i am that horrible friend who reads your text then puts the phone down to do something and forgets to reply until 4 ho
1	the karate kid is such a pussy
1	them hoes was actin' up. you had to do it.
1	females say "have a seat faggot" ; they feel like they put a bullet in yo head
0	uncle charlie just got thru lip singing?haha
1	eddy and teezy get no pussy so i don't know why they always talking about that shit. they've never taken anyone's girl eit
1	crazy bitch why
1	you unhappy scrappy? i got pataki at me. bitches say i'm tacky daddy. range look like laffy taffy.
1	and i can't be known for fucking wit a trash bitch.
1	' i'm hard to kill  , i'm countin cake up with ma finest bitch  . take off her makeup and she still look like a finalist  .
0	the afc was trash last season, especially the afc south. jags could make a playoff push if they have a great draft. not jo
1	what a retard
1	me: *complains about suburban white girls* suburban white girl: you're a bitch me: ok u literally just proved my point
0	i never really rocked with the white sole. i feel ya bro. but these? my favorite foam of all time.
0	how is this trash...
0	gun sales have skyrocketed. gun crime has fallen sharply. any claim to the contrary is using fuzzy math.
1	oh i hope dre falls dickhole first into my pussy "
1	you value yourself because someone gave you a title. i value myself because bitch i'm clutch. i win.
1	i immediately become the biggest bitch when i'm sick. like i just need to be taken care of lmao
1	my real lil bro even tho cuh a bitch lmao
0	thanks carolina fans 4 the flipped birds+few bottles to the head. sticks n stones may break my bones but aluminum zimas will 
1	bitch you gorgeous
1	sit in there and shit dnt sing hoe noyess
1	bitch please i dont even make my own food 
1	i knows y'all white folk only be playin wit me. i colored and i knows my place
1	aoas you write back bitch lol
0	officials: jihadi cockroaches now booking tickets on cruise ships to syria
0	i liked a video the sock fairy, a short film
1	pussy heels haha
1	lyin ass bitch
1	butt chug 4lokos or nah
1	not looking for love, one day it'll find me. until then.....keep fuckin dese hoes yolo" i ain
1	swat to the twat
0	i was such a teacher's pet in elementary school. like i brought them cookies and brownies and gave them hugs. im ashamed
1	why you fuckin wit a niggah if you aint fuckin wit a real niggah
1	nigga getcho bitch, treat her how she wanna be treated but i ain't triccin 
1	you a real life faggot if you ever fight another man because he fucked your girl. you just gotta take that l like a man and move on
1	- we do not want you here either suck my pigs arse you muzzie biotch get the phuck out and go back to your hellhole life
1	my bitch bad she's a puerto rican what song is that
1	the nice side of long beach really got hoes lol
1	fuhk you you hoe i don't want you back classic joint
1	i hate bitches but ugly and//or fat bitches are the worst
1	i woke up with a sore throat, im cold, niggers will be niggers. so terrible
0	just posted a photo yankee stadium
1	hells yeah fuckin sick ass bitch
1	quit hoggin the blunt bitch
0	yankees survive 9th-inning scare to beat rangers, 12-11.  gardner: 4-5, hr, rbi, 3 r  teixeira: 1-2, hr, 2 rbi, 3 r htt
1	cause i'm a trophy hunting little bitch
1	just smashed a bottle over buzz head because he's a cunt
0	long yellow.
1	single nooo "my nuts bitch" 
0	and northkorea called barack a monkey. lol *if the shoe fits 'cause it sure looks like he married one
1	omg my mom did it on christmas once if i hadn't been the hostess that year i would've slit her throat
1	bitch you outta line
0	either way both schools are trash 
1	two horny guys take turns beating the shit out of a tight teen pinkpussy
0	the people of the ghetto are rising up and fighting back. whose side are you on? gaza
1	why you worried bout that other hoe? cuz that other hoe aint worried bout another hoe
1	i'm going to the movies this weekend, by myself. no bffl, no bitch, no nigga, just me... solo
1	ima tear that pussy uuuup
1	lmaooo nooo hoeoh ok
0	so now been trill is trash cus asap said so  ok
1	that hoe suck
1	faggot but you sent me hella nudes. hmmmm
1	i wish ya nighas stressed ya kids like ya stress these lame bitches.
1	you might have a lot of followers bitch but a third wants to just fuck you the second third would hate your personality. 
1	two hoes arguing bout who fucking who for x amount of money lol what
1	plot twist: you have no penis. penny would make that bitch like a balloon. balloons and bitches can all float
1	a bitch who can't keep a man which one of you air headed bitches made this?
1	we trash
0	not if you're standing in btw the yellow lines
1	man i'm tryin to take my intoxication to charlie sheen levels today and i'm going to do just that
1	she really asked me that dead ass serious tho, all i could say was "bitch wheet" lol
0	this o6 just caught me talking to a bird and that was pretty embarrassing
1	lmfaoooo wiz is a perfect example of how fame can get you bitches. he looks like your typical tweaker homeless woman.
1	talking shit like a hoe about huh so like a man ima murk you wen i see you
0	so city lights is a charlie chaplin movie by via
1	tbt: i tried on french's outfit for the freshman cover at that shoot high as fuck off weed brownies
1	them hoes ain't solid i laugh so hard when females be all in my dms but they have a avi picture with the
1	if u cant talk without talking about ur cunt mama im thru talking
1	or lack of smh u niggers ; ur music knowledge
1	just cause you got a boyfriend now don't mean you still ain't a hoe. now you're just a hoe with a boyfriend
1	innovative ideas about an unresolved issue relating to your ho... more for libra
0	i don't hunt birds unless you count shooting dove out of season off my power line with a bb gun
1	this is fucking trash. drake is jewish too so young money is the 3rd reich now?
1	they are all idiots except kourt.... the rest are just slutty ass bitches
1	s/o to the homie niggah stay making bomb food when we high af
0	a gwb appointee. there goes the activist judges slant. oh wait? it's already been exposed as completely farcical. a gwb appointee.
0	cheers young lady foreverrrr younnnnng *grabs flask and chugs*
1	you're ugly anyway hoe. sit tf down somewhere
0	because humans aren't delicious ho smarter than dogs and your 3-year-old child. so why eat them?
1	when you marry a hoe and only realize it 20 years later
0	**wow* according to this tweet by obama must have been an uncle tom?
0	video: cfl lb solomon elimimian trash talks an opponent during a halftime interview
1	stfu nigguh i've been reading the manga for the longest and you know that
1	no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie
0	i love wearing fuzzy socks to work
0	pacernation 4/4 on the road perfect way to continue after iubb have finished nba pacers indiana hoosiers
1	bitch i got a ring now ho i ain't fatherless no more ill fight you.
1	it's too early to talk about eating pussy. who ate ass this week?
1	wcw bitch 
1	basically we're mad at them for being hoes
1	you ain't my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin
1	if you a hoe
0	dont believe aps ho-hum tone: latest poll is great news for republicans - hot air
1	really telling me to call him boo.... uhhh naw  you the niggah ; that's that 
1	i don't got no type, bad bitches is the only thing that i iike
1	if u remember when steve from 'blue clues' left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe
1	gemini doesn't really look back at their ex's. some things just look better in the trash
1	trigger finger keep my pussy wet? no thanks
1	red bitch with me dark skin friend callin talkin bout come and get me
1	damn ; his nigger music waking up the whole school in the morning .. 
1	lbum de fotos: gaywrites: in the making, a project by and for queer students at harvard, highlights the...
1	shut the fuck up. i sent my sister a picture of a mini brownie and she was like "is that a shroom" like i wish 
0	have u spent significant time in any ghetto, or witnessed the years of terrorism committed by police in the black community?
1	druggys with hoes again gotta have the dopest video ever. 
0	you're saying zebras are goth?
1	lmao i look like some 80s retard today
1	looks like you're gonna blow someone fag
1	your leader rocks a fucking mo hawk and dances like a faggot from atl
1	iont got no typebad bitches is the only thing that i like aye i'm just living life
1	they made me put on basketball shorts now i look like a confused dyke mosh warrior
1	lmfaoooooooooo lmaooo you a faggot if you ever wore a tall tee ; took your pant
1	yu a bitch made nigga
1	i hate a " think she know how to out head type bitch foh "
0	stephen a. smith responds to people calling him an uncle tom/sell-out
1	niggaz been making trash lately. well not everybody but some lol
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | erotic | erotic and wild tits and pussy fucking
0	whats going to be your pick for selectionsunday? 2for5 watchlikeaking dis make colored folk happy
0	np shy glizzy - awwsome (remix) (feat. 2 chainz ; a$ap rocky) via
1	one wrong move and consider your bitch mine
0	on the anniversary of 9/11 isis ; al qaeda supporters each claim ben laden as their own as a show of their jihadi authenticity pathetic
1	im hooked on money.. the pussy and weed is just a bonus
1	quit being being a pussy yourself and call them out by first and last name plus ssn ya poon
0	finding cheap 240s on craigslist but they all need a new tranny 
1	stop bringing weird niggers into my mentions
0	if your team is trash
1	all i see over instagram "alice texas hoes". that's so low... even for alice.
1	you talking shit  but yo pockets ain't shit  yo bitch ain't shit  yo life ain't shit  nigga you just a ain't shit as nig
1	i'll purposely read your message just so you know i read it and didnt reply. i can be a bitch like that. sorrynotsorry
1	this shit so trash lol
1	only like bitches ran for homecoming but like 20 running for prom
1	what a smelly hater bitch
1	when the lazy eye bitch was tryna put up a front with me
1	*hits blunt* "if a guy talk to 5 girls is he a hoe or does he have hoes?"
1	cant turn a hoe into a housewife.
1	karma is a bitch so baby you will get yours
1	lmaoooo fam i stabbed a person once in cod ghost and he said i stab like a nigger
1	yo bitch choosinh just let''r
1	niggas develop superpowers when it comes to getting some pussy
0	ruinacomedian charlie lapdance
1	foreign iphone imma call a goth hoe
0	i'm off whenever i feel like it. i'm off til monday. and you put in your two weeks flip them the bird mannn
0	school admins take hungry kids' lunch ; throw in trash because their lunch funds aren't paid up. that'll teach em
1	she's a dyke ; looks like she's 12
1	i can't express how much i hate sam, he is by far hands down no questions asked my least favorite character , so bitch made freaksandgeeks
1	faggot
1	stay witcha nasty little hoes who don't do shit for you.
1	love'em and hate 'em... big booty bitches.
0	last year i had to explain why "queer theory" is the acceptable academic term
1	it's bout that time were i feel like beening a hard working woman .....and a stripper hoe by night do
1	"you talk like a fag and your shit's retarded. but that's cool scro, lot's of tards out there living total kick-ass lives"
1	' someone let me know why drake so cold ?  he my favorite rapper , this niggah hard .
0	don't you have a trash can?
1	ain't been on this hoe all day
1	that is what i do the nicer you are, the easier you're hurt. so just be a bitch..
1	thank god fob didnt come back doing some shitty arena tour. iwaited5yearsforfobandiallgotwasthisshittyarena sykeeee
1	settling down is for pussies
1	let a bitch try and set me up , she gone be stuck between a rock nd dis mufuckin glock my bitch bad she terrible 
1	my tbt i learn the english from that jabroni big bird but i break his fucking neck
1	im tokyo but i get higher than a jet. killing these dog ass hoes had to send em to the vet produced by
1	watching attackoftitan on bro you a han for stealing my tweet, bitch ass nigga
1	y'all think celebrity pussy different from the locals?  yeah meghan goods is"
1	bitch you can't even say no lol
0	it's the most hillbilly thought ever. a thing is a way one time or to one audience and therefore it must be that way always.
1	a dick has a sad life: his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, ; his owner beats him.
1	you little stupid ass bitch, i aint fuckin with you
1	i sang for you, you nazi *beaner
0	derek jeter leaves baseball as one of the greatest yankees ever. (via
1	yea bitchdam
1	yo bitch gaggin she jet laggin
1	down ass bitch aaron hernandez's girlfriend lied to grand jury 29 times
1	"bitches talk shit, you got the right to swerve" god damnit you are da shittt
1	that pussy is just.... imma assume she just had a baby like..the day before"
0	in which i refresh dhimmi seattle mayor ed murray's poor memory of city's long history as a jihadi breeding ground==&gt; h
1	my brother is a bitch, pussy, faggot, etc. you just like getting beat up don't you?
1	next bitch i fuck. i'm goin to her spot lol
1	i don't care how much pussy i get, i still got to jack my dick...
0	 shy glizzy
1	they fail to realize ion want "friends" bitches switch up quiccer than i change the channel 
1	i peep everything. and just know i'll slap a bitch with a smile on my face.
1	my type a bitch  lmao yass
0	i hope the yankees get soriano, shoulda never gave him away for alex rodriguez
1	caleb's a dick and hanna's a bitch i hate them both now 
1	yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing, bitch i be getting bread too
1	fuck a opp thot we'll shoot a bitch
1	thats trash, its ot?
0	other jihadi news isis executed kuwait preacher redha lari coz he was..too extreme ; hampered reconciliation with nusra with his fatwas
1	sad that girls look up to kim so much. like damn she got famous from being a hoe, and making sex tapes. we need to find better role models.
1	 oh my gosh why are so so cute? fa la la la la la la la la bitch 
1	any pussy i had i can get again
0	yep, sources confirmed it. that iggy concert last night was trash
1	dirty hoe
1	i'm the pull bitch
1	bitches are so shady... oh my god 
1	christian keep laughing and me and him will fuck u up instead pussy bitch
1	on my mama yous a hoe omm yous a bitch omm if you get in a jam, i bet you snitch omm 
1	calm down bitch. touch my boobs ; ill it your dick off ; staple it to your forehead, since you wanna be a
0	today something is dope. tomorrow that same thing is trash. next month it is irrelevant. next year it's classic.
1	stfu hoe "i'm proud to be african american" - proud african american "i'm proud to be white" - racist 
1	i don't live for you hoes man
1	blah blah blah blah.. how it sound when these bitches talk 
0	happy birthday you dirty little bird  tear it up 
1	bought that bitch mozzarella sticks. bitches love mozzarella sticks
1	imma pull up on you eat on that pussy and dip
1	lmaooo i wanted them hoes she was suppose to hold em
1	this was the most racist bitch in the world..
1	being a girl sucks. we have to deal with periods making us a bitch, shaving our legs on a daily basis, and worrying about what we eat.
0	regular joes rockin tha boat that's us redneck yacht clubbb
1	the problem with retard liberals is they think supply ; demand means "supply me with everything i demand." votingmatters
1	you the real mvp that's wat ya bitch said when i finished 
0	you can only say the word negro if it's attached to the word league. then we're totally cool, guys.
1	after ya girl walks in ya crib and has hoes for ya niggas.
1	you too old to be on twitter, crying like a bitch...
1	when you cracking jokes on your friend in the bitch take it to far.
1	bitch you didn't feed me. you asked my to buy you a burger 
1	gettin a lil midnight snack, best po-boys in town genes with my nigs and nick_swag_is_504
1	truth b told i have -0 hoes 
1	how did i get stuck with the worlds biggest cunt for a sister? i just wanna set the cunt on fire and send her straight to hell
0	they use to call my mom japs when she was younger. lol asian racial slurs.
1	you still needs to give it to me bitch , i'm on youtube and rhapsody with it ya cock
1	old bitches love having a garden...
1	you a hoe i just thought you were cute thats why i kissed you
1	we'll be togetheryu gt a job hoe.
1	lol 100, it had to be one of my old bitches 
1	is you a girl or a guy is you my mom or is you my dad ?" im a butch dyke
1	back in high school w/ one. fuck these hoes now nigga lol thats what they for
1	you might as well gone pussy pop on a stage
0	oh yahweh, your hand is upon me, your shadow hovers over me.for your sake, the house of ysrah'al mock me all day long
1	attention one and all. just motoroboated my knees. someone get this jiggaboo some water. she thirsty.
0	cardinals score 1st. they lead 1-0 in the top 3rd with birds on base. nlcs sfvsstl
1	your mouth your pussy your ass my dick and a sandwich after we fuck. what kinda question is that?
1	because if you support lesbians you have to support faggots there's no difference.
1	not funny u faggot
1	you're gay bitch
1	please acknowledge my existence you amazing son of a bitch
1	they gotta sell they ugliness  ugly bitches be the most stuck up ... like bish what 
1	a lot of you niggas turned these bitches into sketch ass bitches
1	my lil cousin be hating. bitches always want the older nigga, not my fault nor did i fuck the bitch so chill..lol
1	i was disgusted, betrayed, hurt, ; my pussy drier than a niggas skin in the winter time
1	lmao that bitch saw the camera ; looked up at the big screen n then realized
0	really craving my arroz con pollo y habichuelas right now
1	it's throw it in her throat thursdays so make a ghetto gaggler out of her
0	special thanks to tina, charlie and staff at waverly hills... thanks to everyone that dedicated time to make the...
1	pussy so good i juss save that shit for lataa
1	i listened to dedication 4 about three times exactly, any more than that gon make you a pussy eater subsciously
1	too many pretty bitches got the sore throat voice.mostly red bones. turnoff
1	lovin' all the pussy pics
0	i went outside and got mad bc this weather is trash
0	seems if they dont come up with it, its trash, nobody outside hollywood knows what ppl will pay to see..ha guess those in hw dont
1	if you open a beer and don't finish it you are what is known as a little bitch
1	my sister is a bitch. my nephew got his first haircut, and he's bald 
1	smells meaty up in dis bitch
0	doesnt it always feel like we go into the season with offensive concepts that we inevitably trash and then we get good?
1	i thought you had some fucked up birth defect that made your nips heart shaped lmao.
1	iont got not type ... bad bitches is the only thing that i like ayeee throw that ass in a sphere 
1	wet bitches
1	so six martinis before passing out on the couch after watching euro-trash into the wee hours. got it.
1	bitch nigga lol
0	use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
1	prolly sum hoe tryna get in the hurricane free who sent that nigga to twitter tho
1	haha that hoe go hard
1	so, brony-folk far and wide are throwing bitch fits over equestriagirls. i must be the only one who isn't. it looks interesting to me.
1	only fat bitches and flat booty hoes today wackkkkk
1	we ain't really wit that talkin bitch we bout that action
1	but i have the hoes 
1	back up faggot
0	stuff broke loose, must not panic and share gif instead
0	well we sure as heck know how to read. i'm reading the trash right now and almost everything i've heard on the web
1	why bitches brag about being crazy like that's cute? that's like a nigga bragging about how abusive he is
0	quote this with a weezy verse" i'm a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash
1	it's to the point that i don't enjoy watching harden anymore. he constantly does that and it pisses me off. stop being a bitch
1	well i felt sorry for her before but that was stupid. still though is a bitch who wont try that wit ...
1	tacos over hoes.
1	hate when hoes caption shit "who is she" lol shit is hella cheesy
1	same bitches that diss me gone still be here to eat my dick when they see that check
1	follow this fag it's his birthday today
1	don't worry bout me i got it all arranged bitch. mind your business, stay in your lane bitch vote5sos emabiggestfans1d
1	ayy fag , you still having your party tonight ? 
1	bacon over bitches
1	i don't fck wit those luvv... who's pussy better then a crazy bitch? apparently thots 
1	tomyfutureson you can fuck dem hoes but you better not love dem hoes.
1	oh my god oh my god.. i'm going to a bitch mob party today oh my god
1	bitch what where y'all be at come to town east mall u and your bitch fuck boys
1	these fine bitches are prolly poopin and flat ironing they hair to no flex zone right now...
1	lol toughen up pussy
0	btw, genocide isn't war. the people of gaza are no more combatants than the people of the warsaw ghetto.
1	you can be a hoe in love
1	i'd rather argue ; make up  then fight  ; break up , cause  thirsty bitches  love to see happy  homes fuc
1	we don't trust these hoes, lol na but it's bigger for us i think bc most guys talk to girls first, if you understand
1	that shoot em up shit is cool but gimme some shit i can play in front of bitches my nigga...gimme some jiggy shit i ca ...
1	these hoes ain't loyal 
1	shine bright like a bad bitch
1	call a negro
1	damn change change niccas
1	things hoes say...
1	ugh i'm such a little bitch 
1	if the bitch don't like it she can't be my bitch
1	i never bought a bitch....
1	kicking this bitch to the curb bruh.
1	that awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it.. like bitch you better back the fuck up.
1	this biatch just called me a bitch 
0	attack animals, last house on the left by the lake, and she got colored eyes...we should have known. lol
1	boy these downlow niccas should be ashamed
1	one of us is on drugs, and its me but you're still wrong  hahahahahahah im a bitch sometimes (:
1	ugly emo trash go cut
1	nah nicca.. you got gas rt  blowing gas 
1	bitch what? no it must of flew over u head cuz u didn't show up at plano senior high school in plano tx fuck boy
1	i just got so hype haha lets go beat the shit out dat pussy ass niqqa
1	this bitch weave game serious
1	let her be a hoe, why you stopping her?
1	remember 94 can be a bitch stop to drink if you get stalled wib advice
1	what females do on twitter: 1. brag bout loyalty 2. call other females hoes 3. song lyrics 4. complain bout cramps 5. twee
1	big thick pretty bitch
1	grow up bitch   they was cute 
1	people who focus on skin tones for dating someone are fucking retarded and brainwashed. 
1	every gook in losangeles should be deported or killed.
1	trap keep me fly that's why i love him  ayyyyy you got that hoe at forever 21 huh? 
1	and just what is that bitch gonna do for women?
1	bitch you just an inch taller than me  ; we normal height jessyca and daysi are just some short bitches 
1	correction: he better bring one classy bitch home because momma ain't going to be dealing with random hoes in the house 
0	i want a four loco right now so i can chug it and go straight to sleep.
0	peel up peel up bring it back up rewind back where i'm from they move shaq from the line" ooooow who tf said that trash?
1	no lie tho i'm weak for a pretty bitch. have me doing all type of shit that ain't really me.
1	that pussy is never yours it's just your turn remember that . 
1	kill the coons
1	make the most of what you have. don't tell me what to do bitch
0	do you know where i grew up skippy?
0	u serious bro?? lol 2-3:10am early bird special
1	a dick has a sad life: his hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his best friend's a pussy & ...
1	hii fag. :)
1	i fucked the shit out yo bitch yesterday til she couldn't stand straight she called me earlier asking could she come and get a replay
1	i'm not saying she's a slut, but her favorite shade of lipstick is pussy.
0	the new nature area replacing indian boundary park's former zoo is expected to attract a variety of migratory birds
0	5sos are trash
1	chop the top on the porsche that's a headless horse ... extendo long as an extension cord bitch i ball like jordan and i play full court
0	aka he wanna keep you warm, shoulda just introduced himself coons
1	swear me n zee da only niccas who aint got da update yet&lt;i'm right there wit cha bruh
1	1 time for the lonely hoes watching scandal re runs
1	that's my bitch man i swear
1	yaaass bitch yaasss - soulja boy be having me so turnt
1	only a ratchet bitch would
1	need these sox fuck yeah. i love a kinky scally lad w/ rank sox and sneaks
1	well guess i know a bunch of hoes then. gone bring ya baldpussy hoeass 2 elements tonight tho
1	"gave that bitch some chocolate, bitches love chocolate." - forrest gump
1	lmao, them bitches was the truth
1	a nicca ain't do shit all day
1	rows for the hoes curls for the girls planks for the skanks deep cuts for the sluts quads for the broads no pecs no sex
1	bitch you a hoe... check yo dms can i get a new follower? 
0	lmaoooo everything on bet is trash. b-rad white mike was on bet, he can't be trash
0	fear mongering by the left is dying. wake up, who are you going 2 believe charlie rangel and hussein or mia love and c
1	apple, your new iphone software is shit, maybe i'll sue u cunts ; request damages based on the pussy ive missed out on b/
0	extra yellow.
1	i try and get back into anime but i swear every show revolves around either teenage girls, or the boys who are too pussy to talk to them
0	lmao it will have a slope of -2x+1
1	can this bitch already update 
1	bitch need crutches
1	i wanna be someone's bitch ass boyfriend right now . but that just me head playin games on ya boi
1	delete now you bitch ass nigga if the redskins beat us i will delete my fucking ig
1	i'm happily taken tho... ; i ain't cheating for none of you hoes.
1	long tittied no nipple having bitch
0	when i make the paper ball into the trash can. 
0	money hungry hoes they can never get a crumb
1	if u got yo shit pulled upp past yo bellybutton you are too old for yoga pants bitch it aint 1983
1	i'm in my glory bitch 
1	bitch i got the flameeee
1	value your money.value your dick.don't buy trash.don't fuck trash.
1	macc ; cheese maccin these bitches ; makin my cheese
1	dumb bitches broke my tv, went to wal mart fucked up... wokeup with a smart tv lol
0	kill la kill was trash
1	ahh i'm too much of a bitch to live off campus. i get lazy and wouldn't want to drive home :)
1	wow , that's a stupid bitch 
1	today has been a bitch i hit myself in the face with a branch i lost like 5 pounds of water weight and i'm sunburnt thank you
0	so we are not even two full games into the season, and the fairweather whining is already in full effect? yankees
1	nigga damn  dej loaf got all these bitches getting tryed
1	niggers
1	i get more nudes than all you bitches 
1	awe hell nah me and are bad bitches, come fuck with us"
1	i feel the sorry for the nice people in this world because they're actually the solution. its all you hoes and assholes thats the problem
1	why black women say "i'm gon get me a white man" like white guys not dogging bitches too. y'all so dumb
0	i like how i found out that you can now edit facebook comments through a trending topic on twitter. you think i'd hear abo ...
1	bitch u tried it . u deserved every foul word that came out chris mouth  bye hoe
1	bitch what?
0	your 30 second add just ruined it. a new low picking on a cripple
0	tiny out here looking like an albino red nose pitbull from a dope boy's trap house.
1	barely a rhyme dumb bitch
1	go fuck your self pussy 
0	american culture is stuck to the side of the toilet. graffiti writers in europe can create better art without any lowlife trash sex jokes.
1	god bless the dumb niggas who trust these hoes
1	shut up. and miss you too fag
0	eh, take off hoser.
1	i should be in jail it's a crime hoe i kill these beats
1	bitch i wouldn't eat yah pussy wit another nigga tongue
1	your low info redneck dumbasses vote for these corporate shills that idiots like you believe dummies
1	"i want to eat your pussy" 
1	you need to accept the fact that you're both hipster faggots.
0	what an amazing, proud day it was today for and blockheads time for bed good knight
1	i am just saying.. i would beat you down like the bitch that you are... then put my foot on your neck and shoot you
1	fuccn yo bitch and its wet like a pool
0	must have run out of brownies
1	one mans hoe, is another mans... hoe.. they don't change nigga..
1	lmao harden look like the last air bender out this bitch.
1	he lucky he got a bitch that knows how to cook ;; clean ; wash everything
1	bitch you looked surprised asf  "yo mama let you drive her shit" 
1	you're fucking gay, blacklisted hoe" holding out for tehgodclan anyway
0	i survived swine flu, bird flu, west nile and the bloomberg administration. i'll be finethe abortion survival. cant 4get that
1	bro like i really enjoy like eating pussy from the back... it makes it more nasty, i like nasty haha you like eating ass 2
1	niggas talk more than bitches these days
1	im thinkin about using this beat and yeah i made it too bitch lol
1	they claiming bitches them my old hoes
1	ain't kj ; mello's... who's daddy a fuck nicca?
1	fat bitch. what's her
1	charles manson's fiancee will have a difficult time planning their honeymoon. charlie can't surf.
0	it ain't april fool's yet.. jay z trash
1	in real life and online i follow that. sorry folks but just cause i look like a border hopper don't mean i am one. born and raised here
1	time for the comeback pussies. kisstherings
0	alexa's phone gave us colors and julia got yellow i'm dying racistaf
1	i hate ghetto bitches with a passion..
1	bailey is gettin pussy
1	and i gotta say i dont like this ashley brooks. omfg creepy psycho bitch
1	i had a dope ass parlay this week with san fran... woulda won, but them hoes ran back the pick 6. shit be rigged yo
1	i tell the baddest hoes beat it unless you gone strip 
1	like lex so fine she can have all my hoes, imma make my husband by her a lamborghini
1	i live in the eye of a white trash hurricane. milwaukie or. where people use bikes bc of dui's not to save the environment.
1	haley was called a raghead ; accused of adultery and she skyrocketed in the polls. yall think sheheen didnt notice that?
0	am i the only person that feels disrespected by the bird poop suddenly dropping on your front window:(ewwwannoying
0	wh: obama wont name holders replacement until you rubes have already cast your midterm ballots - hot air
1	something like a perfectionist even check my horoscope bitch
1	if u expect me to stop playin with niggas but u playin widd bitches i can't deal
0	150 christians massacred by jihadi muslims while they slept including pastor, his wife ; kids
0	holyspirit god still share his secrets amos 3:7 blessings jesus
1	i don't hate that he blew up from 3005 like a hipster but i hate the faggots who say they love his music based off his worst +
1	ok, i'll sink to your level... you're a special kind of bitch aren't you?
1	my mains riri22barbie georgegia yessssss ladykimora turntup. vegas bitches 
1	naw where can i see that hoe at
0	haven't you ever heard the story of the birds and the bees
1	sike naw i love big smelly hoes doe
1	you're not a very good listener twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch
0	letz getup deep dish vocal mix nagasaki hiroshima yellow asian flu ^n emoto ill egg god?
1	lover old bitch 
1	i legit watched it for about 30 or 40 seconds so did i wtf" prob cause were retarded smh
1	ya bitches dumb as fuck for the felon.
1	fucking faggots aren't from or live in dc, maryland or va
1	fat bitches dont like liftin up they arms in the summer all that dampness cuh
1	little sissy bitch
1	if you single, just start hitting up those hoes.  
1	i'll quit being a bitch when you quit being a fake friend. 
1	 bitch if you're the hobbit you need to let me know right now 
1	the x's and o's, exes and hoes, i exit and ghost 
1	u wanted to go in the military but yo bitch ass couldn't handle nobody shooting at u so shut yo mf mouth and salute those who did
1	yea but who gets more bitches grandma
1	i bought a 357 and went back to the neighborhood and busted that bitch
1	girl: i know you got hoes me:
1	when you give somebody that "bitch" look
1	i apologize morgan, but a bitch was blind for a whole 35 seconds
1	real tears   both these outfits trash, but the dyke outfit got me weakkkkkkkk
1	if you ain't my bro... your bitch single in my eyes 
1	bitch no i'm talking to her
1	yea....what did it do for maidana? it made him a greedy faggot loser. atleast broner is black...
0	if you've ever been to drunk to fish, you might be a redneck
1	two blonde dykes wanna kiss all night, i just pray to god that this shit go right
1	joe cortez is the ultimate faggot that fight proved it
1	remember that african bitch we used to work with at cmi?
1	yeah after she fed up jealous skinny bitches and became one herself.
0	practically anything thats colored red often contain red pigments extracted from the female coccus costa, or cochineal insect.
1	ill fucking merk a bitch dude, dont fuck with me
1	this bitch........
1	nicca n dis bitch playin games on his phone
1	lol jk i changed my number on them ho*s
1	my babies pussy is too tight today.
1	ford. f-o-r-d, just a fancy name for a fag mobile
1	smoke good weed with a bad bitch
1	this bitch ask me why i dont hit her up.and that i dont talk to her....bitch want me to hit her up so she can ignore or respond hours later
0	brown is a color so my eyes are colored
1	i ain't cutting my hair for u hoes at hc
1	tf bitch you had brain surgery and aint tell me???
1	lol haha hahahahahahahahahaahah deez nuts bitch
0	well...how about those yankees this year? what a run. wtfiswrongwithnebraska
0	the crows warned you to stay away from the island. will you? the soul collector ian1
1	yas bitches
1	' i rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , that shit boring give me a wife ." lmfao , little be like ...
1	tell dem thot bitches im not right
1	i think this steubenville rape trial is some bullshit. that rollen bitch wanted the dick lls and got mad when she w ...
0	"how about we draft all those gung-ho folks and send them to afghanistan or other war zones so they can show their...
1	i'm glad ari know to text me or get in contact with me cause i've been calling my bitch all day. i be worried.
1	free lee bitch 131 4l
0	np "centuries" ~fob
1	i believe there's a hood in heaven cause the devil gots a bad bitch.
0	bushco used to publicly trash ex-officials who wrote books - snow, o'neill, etc. bet we won't hear pbo trashing gates... morning
1	i hopes dis ain't cause he colored cause i knows he be actin all nigga like
1	"if your sis is a bitch, brother is a jerk, leave 'em both alone and continue with your work" - q-tip
1	it gets me mad when a mexicans go against mexico like wtf support your team bitch
1	soft niggas usually send the hate threw the bitches
1	running a train is fucking a bitch, you finish. then somebody else come in and fuck the bitch. that's a gangbang speak of
1	her pussy a1 if she can quote over 15 boosie quotes
1	i hate ghetto loud rude ugly bitches, bitch you already ugly ... why the f*ck you gotta to be loud too?
1	this game pissing me off including that bitch
1	"yo feet smell like my puss"  whut ? "like flowers bitch"  omg
1	sterling is a cunt. my point is simply until everyone has privately taped conversations released, shut the fuck up.
1	you tell ya business to ah bitch so i can't trust ya
1	these bitches are slutty enough without the costumes lol damn
0	what a silly little monkey 
0	a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.~
1	yea ima spin on yo hoe at about 15 after 12
1	it's bout that time were i feel like beening a hard working woman .....and a stripper hoe by night don't judge me 
1	okay i'm gonna need for everyone to stop calling rihanna a hoe , k thanks .
1	bruh bruh that bitch ain't loyal
1	strong jaw ass bitch
1	girls that fuck back &gt;&gt;&gt;  your last one was trash so here
1	oscar ; i used to make fun of chaco-wearing people together but now that they're on sale for 1/2 off this lil bitch wants some fake
1	nd y'all thought bitches knew how to accessorize
1	i have all these extra ass unnecessary clothes ; cay wanna act like a lit hoe.
1	lovee this bitch istg
1	not sure. i think most women have self hate therfore collectively "women are bitches" becomes their campaign and men follow
1	can i bitch about not having smoke??
1	ahaha pussy is king
1	niggas be pressed for pussy, it aint nothing..
1	that nigger made the shit out of my coffee.
1	i want yo bitch i go get her i smashed er now she won't let up
0	hmu negro
1	the nerve of people though... cant take nobody serious, i continuously laugh at you hoes.
1	so many hoes 
1	how i lose this sweet..you ain't lose it you hide it lmfao viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self  boy...
1	sequester den the fat colored girl chased me down day street while she swingin da table wit one arm... i wants my pay
1	when wale said.....nvm that nigga trash
0	tryna get to home like base to base to base, closet looking like planet of the bathing apes
1	she gon look over these bitches like terms and conditions...
1	aint no bitches here... well, like 3
1	unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes. and unloyal guys turn good women into bitches.
1	nigga i talk shit period this ain't nun new white bitch we go threw this every damn day 
1	hollywood, if you really want to break my heart make a movie about a handsome retarded man who is good at flash and has a mean girlfriend.
1	then you would've died if you didn't breathe, bitch
1	the dude took off running like a bitch
1	maybe bitches will stop talking about this dude omari one day
1	all you bitches can keep getting jealous. i loveeee ittttt
0	were you expecting anything short of fireworks in his final homestand? farewellcaptain
1	oh bitch ... i just saw your instagram post and i screamed
1	me: "mom, honestly, thank you for making me a bad bitch." mom: "you've gotta stop."
1	hey fag, i said this was your aunts. *he* said it was you.
1	lmao bitch is dumb slap her up
1	des hoes silly goose's
1	bruh. sasuke and sakuras daughter gonna be a bad uchiha bitch
1	lol my wall of trust is so thick now. if i'm the biggest bitch you've ever met. you'll know why ;*
1	lynch mob thugs threaten zimmerman jury; n*ggas coming for that bitch assjury the hatred won't stop flowing,,war
1	bro fuck you for leaving lol no but have a great time up there and don't forgot about the bros back ho
1	niggas over 6'2 with long ass monkey arms make the best cuddle buddies....so i heard ahaha a female told me this once
1	when you start liking a hoe you don't really like because she gives you the pussy on a consistent basis...
1	lmaooo she a tranny if she can open a jar of pickles by herself
1	rule number two don't trust nobody especially a bitch with a hookers body
0	cair publishes a hit list for jihadis via if you are a red blooded american you may be on the list..
1	' indiana niggah you can tell from ma muhhfuckin grammar , i swear i got 3 hoes with me just like i'm santa  .
1	yeah bitches
1	me and my homie rockin that bitch all night meetushere now
1	 y'all excited about that strip mall being built in louisiana and claiborne?? that bitch gone be in fiya 
1	today seems like as good a day as ever to bang some bitches and go for ice cream.
1	y'all hoes really get mad cause a nigga don't want cha
1	"im gonna rip that bitch apart" "rip what apart" "lol"
1	fuck a nigga feelings, fuck a nigga bitch.
0	no doubt about it. i mean its cute tossing around trash cans and having 98lb mexican boys wantin
0	in with the go to air out with the bad air and where's my next brownie
1	im prolly wit yo bitch big butt cant fit up in the 6
1	how are and i supposed talk shit about bitch ass now that he has a twitter?): confused &lt;3
0	so uncivilized
1	who better 2 b the manchurian candidate. think abt it we bitch abt his policy and he screams racism.
1	my bitch ass buddy pmo
1	this faggot in a truck was tailgating me, so i hit my breaks, he cut me off i switched lanes he cuts me off again to be a little biatch then
1	i got the streetz ina head lock...i got yo bitch ina leg lock
1	those niggers disgust me. they should have dealt with 100 years ago, we wouldn't be having these problems now.
0	the stars wink knowingly and smile at each other when they see two lovers kissing on a secluded bridge on a balmy autumn nig
1	lmaoo stfu..who are u to prefer what a woman wears on her feet bitch i hate bitches that wear wedges
1	calm down you little asian lol just go flip a bitch
1	neva been a bitch nigga you don't want them problems bro
1	hit his bitch i'm like shaggy i'm like no it wasn't me
1	hate dat hoe
1	damn babe  sike forever fucking with basic bitches  
1	bitches ain't shit hoes ain't neither
1	the baddest bitch is back on chestnut welcomehome
1	i wish everyone i knew wasn't a faggot a try hard or a sketchball
0	omoide yokocho : shinjuku, tokyo, japan / japn by lost in japan, by miguel michn
1	who remembers this bitch? 
1	nudesaremylife omfg that's mine faggot
1	bernstine is chi sox jew fag.
1	twitter niggas always want you to have unprotected sex with these nothing ass bitches. nah
1	chava needs to stay in his lane and keep sending gyro to hell you dont want it with the big boys you dirt infest ass beaner
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	bitch answer my calls
1	badcombinations an ugly bitch who's loud af
0	yankees season over tho. so yeah.
0	yankees great joe dimaggio reportedly used to beat wife marilyn monroe. here she is in 1954 announcing divorce
0	there's a special place in hell for people who slam on their brakes for yellow lights 
1	black girls are so funny, why can't you talk literate? it's pathetic, dick riding die hard fan rofl, you disgust me, retard.
1	oh you got a new bitch you think you got a new bitch ...
1	trueee, but i can't wait til the day a bitch try me
1	them hoes look so clean on foot.
1	fuck the yankees
1	how black bitches drive when they song come on
0	i can't sleep so ima watch spongebob and eat crackers and peanut butter
1	rt i don't want my man txtn, tlkn, lookin, yet alone speakin to you hoes. i'm not insecure at all. y'all hoes cant be trusted
1	having sex with a guy wont keep him around for you dumb hoes who think that. theres plenty pussy. just gotta have a guy who wont give in
1	nah, they would probably call you out for being the obsessed faggot you are also. nice try though.
1	yo bitch is gucci mane : my bitch a stoner 
1	nothing says fashion like a cunt hat....
1	all da lil bald headed bitches standn outside of kevin gates tryna get in 
1	fight me you fucking obese niglet
0	and i thought i had a problem oreos
1	y'all hoes would never get under my skin
1	seconds from the end, what's it gonna be, pull the trigger bitch.
0	it's a bird it's a plane it's a boat no...it's, it's... a flying human? lakeerie cle
1	bitch nooooo kim been mine you dreaming
1	most of time i be thinking bitch when u gonna give me that pussy
1	you a poop. :( see i'm going all ghetto talk. wtf
0	got to 18 on flappy bird...
1	"i know i must make a lot of ya'll hoes sick ; all i can tell you hoes, get used to it bitch"
1	taylor swift looks like the kinda bitch you would bring home and only get a dry handjob from
1	wtf i look like lying about knowing a bitch for ? if i don't know the hoe i don't know the hoe. tf it's simple 
1	should be lol lil bitch
1	it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off 
0	browns and redskins shouldn't be considered nfl teams
1	eat bitch
0	i feel the warm fuzzies.
1	side bitch sunday " 
1	bitch i want it all
0	my baby boy asleep with my monkey that i had since i was little i love my son so much
1	pimpinkendotnet, sell a bitch pussy til it's drip drop wet, the vet, not the pet hey, bitch
1	eagles fans will always be annoying faggots
1	jordan: so watcha been up to at college me: fuckin bitches ; stuff, ya know jordan: alright seriously  ichoosetobeabstinent
1	warning shots are for pussies i'm just gonna gun you down and steal your pink boots
0	you're not ghetto tho. you can live in the hood and not be ghetto facts
1	ever leave me around your bitch imma get her stoned.
1	guess what? i also have zero time for your mansplaining adios" stfu pussy
1	right in the pussy
1	we some hoes bruhhh lol
0	that 'ouija' movie look like trash
1	its halloween everyday for dykes
1	bitch am not gonna shut shit up feel free to join them
0	it's ok to trash talk....but i haven't seen any bama fans wishing harm or injury towards lsu players.
1	tvd and theoriginals is the shows bad ass vampires turn into spineless pussy's and little ooc bitches
1	you not playing me bitch i know wassup
1	bout time some of these chicks dont want a man, they just want support. tell that bitch to get a bra
1	 bitch you got me fucked up 
1	lol that's basically like the "you got too many hoes" curve
1	my momma keep talking to me like bitch gtf i'm on twitter.
1	go home bitch
1	i need a bitch 
1	" black bottle ; a bad bitch "
0	jaheim, donell jones, lyfe jennings, ginuwine, charlie wilson, dru hill, next, jodeci, tyrese and etc ...... bring that type 
1	i was lookin like  when dem niccas told me dat shit
1	is wayne brady gonna have to smack a bitch?
1	lawd jesus lets pray for these hoes 
1	her pussy wet i call it fiji water
0	ugh , put one 420 dead center off him
0	time to start listing to il spook
0	my arguement with she's the baddest white girl is "she's trash".her argurment with she's trash is "but she's paid"....
1	how could you do this to meeeeeee bitch
1	what you doing bitch suck it don't bite it
1	men only cheat for pussy. women cheat cuz they think they have 2 soulmates
1	i name my niggas after nba playersmy nigga larry bird is a strait fuckinshooter
1	once a hoe , always a hoe 
1	happy bday ya bitch you
1	"have you seen my shows? have you seen my hoes? if i wasn't hot would they be so thick?"
1	claw that ass when u see that bitch who was talkin shit on twitter in public...
0	liberal head explosion: ww2 navajo code talkers appear in redskins jackets. redskins
1	i don't understand i don't even fuck with these bitches but i'm so relevant to them though 
1	stupid bitch count to h and get off my phone
1	i hate when people have terrible coping skills and complain too much. oh your mom died? how about you stop being a pussy.
1	waterproof lab coat in case i drown in the pussy swag
1	snow day bitches, lyrics gettin done n bud getting smoked snowday2014
1	he a hoe fa that incredible vagina is rarely ever attached to an incredible woman. god has a weird sense of humor.
0	rise of the planet of the apes
1	como se llama el nio ms delgado de japn? yocomo poko  gino 
0	if jeremy lin dunked on lebron in a yankees cap, and then celebrated by tebowing in front of brett favre, would espn exp ...
1	al noooo ...... too late fuckin faggot lmao
0	did the yankees make the playoffs and properly honor jeter? orioles win?
0	= its true that the early bird.. gets the worm first
1	vinitahegwood can get a job at the naacp. or as the ag. i hear they like "diversity and tolerance". as long as you ain't a cracker tcot
1	this bitch rihanna is on some dust or something
0	:) at some point, we need to discuss how delicious the vegan brownie from on u st. tastes"
0	lmfaooooo bye american sports trash. soccer and hockey the best sports.
1	started with 100 bricks now i'm sold out bitch
0	i'm a redneck, but without the homophobia and racism
1	whatta you fags doin?
1	this bitch think she fancy with her old ass c-class get the fuck on
1	at dunkin donuts and every time somebody walked in i either yelled ratchet or hoe and so me and my brother got kicked out 
1	no more hoes n oz
0	maybe he can call hootie back up, he don't answer me anymore but still have crows.
1	who gave this bitch that much confidence? 
1	dropped all my hoes for someone. but was that a good decision ? find out on the next episode of dragonballz 
1	my boyfriend is such a smart ass bitch watch yourself you wear the pants but i fucking unzip them. k.
1	lmao pussy
1	pumpkin spice marlboro's for da hoes
1	if i post a picture of my woman, all you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight lol" ohkillem
0	nicholas rushlow, wearing lucky yellow shirt, nails "theophylline" - "bitter crystalline compound extracted from tea leaves" spellingbee
0	did the italian bird just call janet a calzone? uncletweet
0	i want my poms back lmfao
1	if a nigga fuck my bitch dats on ha cat .. but ima leave yu alone fa being trifling
0	good read -&gt; why your cat thinks you're a huge, unpredictable ape
1	stress stress go away. come again never you fucking bitch
1	i don't have no girlfriend/side bitches/ main chick/ hoes. i just got a ex i want back .
1	no time for bitch niggas.
1	you're killin' me man &lt;3 not all conservatives are racists, just like not all nbp hate honkies.
0	i thought i was the ghetto word for babe
1	ya'll niggers have a good thanksgiving
1	the shit you hear about me might be true or it might be faker than the bitch who told it to ya 
1	i really don't be tryna hoe nobody.. i eat, we all eat. literally.
1	never seen yo bitch but i bet i could fuck her on the first day
1	stupid bitches. fucking skanks. dumb hoes.
1	jameis tweet fuck her right in the pussy
1	r u african because ur african bitch
1	guy complains to me: gays are over-sensitive... my response: and look at you complaining like little pussy. waahh waahh hypocrite
1	so this dumb bitch had an opinion bout wtf i post on my instagram the time it took to write a post
1	u calling me a pussy but u not bout shit fuck all this talking let's pop shit off then
1	i got bitches geekin sneaking cocaina cross the customs 
1	when ur with ur friend and a bitch u both hate walks past us as n
1	i hate the white trash cops who raped and murdered my infant daughters and son.
1	ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip 
1	it's twitter.. that's what folks do.. same folks be mad when someone calls them a nigger on here..
0	we may or may not be trash at taking pictures together
1	screw the ragheads.
1	california's biggest retards. don't forget about holy who just released an amazing ep.
1	when niggas ask me "where the hoes at?"
1	i don't fight bitchez. they bitch during it to much.
1	tjohngang lil bitch follow me
0	hey teabagger bohner said he got "98% of what he wanted" in sequester. you sound like a moron when everyone knows you are lying
1	right in the pussy
1	right , come then what ? wait another 9 months ? naaaawwwww  i could be pimpin these hoes lol
0	this whole game, i've been trying to figure out why the dutch are wearing yellow. smh.
1	mother fuxker the devil is ah lie bitch i'm the truth
1	free ballout lil bitch 
0	take me for a ride  woof woof
1	pm: last night this incitement was translated into the murder of a father traveling w/his family to celebrate the first nig
1	my girl told me she was on her period, i immediately power bombed her hoe ass
1	can't trust these hoes... and when i say hoes i mean dudes to
1	another jersey fail - what a cunt -no pics needed. animal. dem coloreds be wack
1	that nerdy fat bitch yes sir she fucked " the basedgod" - lil b
1	all them bitches far as fuck from us. we got el gran pollo up this way and it serves us well.
0	15 y/o me totally understood 'twin peaks'. 40 y/o me can't seem to follow these 'the great outdoors' goldfish crackers 
1	funny to read retard liberal tweets. but anand u didn't delete salwar tweet. anyway say hi to digvijaysingh
1	plaid shorts bitches
1	lol you can only get in at eden when you're 18. all the bitches there are fat...
1	the intensity of my bankhead bounce as i said "we know these bitches cuz we be traveling"...
1	if post 1 more pic of his waves i'm bringing my s-curl back on these hoes for the 2014
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | close up | another pussy close up
1	i go to take the trash out and a darkskin nigga stole my damn garbage
1	how could you do this to me bitch
1	girls wanna meet a man with plans and ambition and a boy on a "pussy hit " mission..
0	ha. he ain't welcome in washington state or nashville. serpas is straight trash.
1	what america teaches people: if you bitch about something enough, you'll get what you want.
1	woaaaahh that coat though lolnigga too warm in that hoe
0	horny called me asking her to buy her a drink this morning and then this jiggaboo walks in with a sonic drink in her hand done
1	i love my girlfriend she be shitting on y'all hoes. 
1	im a knock the pussy out like fight night
0	their tortillas are trash though.
1	horny mature babe in a kimono has her pussy fingered andfucked
1	my grandpa hooked his friend up with some pussy in vegas. praise
0	lmaoooo girls, don't let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst. you are a pink starburst.
1	shit nigga don't complain. now you got room for hella nudes from hoes trueeee, i'll hy
1	what happened to the old wigga?? the gonorrhea one.
1	yeen never seen a fat nigga on a molly bitch imma hurt somethin
1	"..all i wanna do is get money and fuck model bitches" - russell simmons
1	why are people acting like they didn't know hoe allen was going to the cavs 6 months ago?
0	np big nig nig
1	it's a bob schieffer holiday now, he's proud and smitten that he's the "good white guy," hicks be damned everything is 1965. everything.
1	can't stand a playin ass niggabitch*
1	idk why i love skinny girls they got good pussy 
1	ho ho ho bitches merry 4 months-ish until christmas.
0	it's okay chiquito  i'm not in the ghetto anymore 
1	pulling hoes ain't something to be proud of hoes go with anybody 
1	if you hang with hoes, you're a hoe by association. if you try and debate this, you're a hoe. if you get offended by this, you're a hoe.
0	found cheese cracker sandwiches in the cabinet, a year expired. ate them anyway. if i die tonight, these will be the worst l
1	u know that pussy good when it sound like u mixing spaghetti when u hit it lol
1	ima side bitch from time to time and i stay in my place
1	hahahaha signs be funny than a bitch
0	charlie looking like he's the one that made that 3.
0	 maaaaannnn i hope so did we get rid of john legend looking charlie batch?
1	damn near in love with all them hoes when i'm with em.
1	tf bitches get a couple and be fstow
1	ok u fat precious lookin ass bitch, u big fat back at the barnyard lookin ass bitch. i can fix my grammar but u still fat
1	yes i'm judging you by the way you dress, bitch.
1	gtfoh u bitch ass ref
1	i know bitches who sell pussy for 3.5's
0	bats are cool as hell because they're basically half tiny fox half leather bird.
1	all you muzzy lovers need to do one thing. tell muzzies in the mideast to leave israel alone. don't start no shit won't be no shit. israel
1	town . at a movie with friends. i stabbed a nig 3 times and got sent to prison. justice?
1	i'm a boss ass bitch ..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..bitch..
1	pillow talkin to bitches, i see her she bad but nigga she basic
1	females love stealing someone's boyfriend , that's not cute y'all hoes need some morals ; life goals
1	yandy gotta pay me for dick im sorry...that bitch ugly
1	bitches don't knw what to let ride certain shit ain't work mentioning
1	if you've been though what i've been through you would have turned into a heartless bitch by now but i'm stronger ; bet
1	he run his mouth just like a bitch i had to cut em off
1	' got niggahs salty at meeeee cause yo dream bitch is ma main slide 
1	no text back? i don't give a fuck, i'll text another bitch" damn someone is hurt lol
1	1st block bitch wassup
1	beautiful bride... tell erica congrats if she remembers a nig...
1	i have my work done a day after i get it, and everybody else be scramblin' on sunday. this the day of rest bitches..
0	we wacko birds are still tweeting makedclisten
1	bet you ain't gone em tho.. na why oomf just tweeted that ? ; she know ha pussy wack
1	had to help my gma move bitch
1	i can't ever eat roast beef anymore without thinkin bout dark skin twat.. thanks a lot twitter/ig
1	nigga. the homemade tuna salad wit the saltine crackers tho?
1	my problem is that i love bad bitches.
1	girls will hoe just as the sun will shine
1	i was eating ; my mom gon say "damn calm down" tf bitch i am calm
0	my chinese social media feed is in total hysteria over the onset of bird flu ; recent dead pigs in the river in shang ...
1	oomf is soooo cute. but he probably has hoes on him a lot."
1	why are there so many hoes?
1	you can say i'm just a fool, that stands for nothing. well, to that, i say you're a cunt
1	your tits may be better looking but her face makes you like a asian or latina tranny facts
1	i'm no man-hoe tho....
0	ga charlie
1	iheinz201 stfu she thinks your ugly and hard to look at get the fuck out of chat faggot before i block you oct 30th 1am
1	tf i'm acting like a sad ass bitch for ? old anthony coming back fashoo  .
1	done with all the riff raff, bitchin with your bitch assss
1	bitch trying to turn this shit like facebook
1	stupid fucking nigger lebron. you flopping stupid jungle bunny monkey faggot.
1	i bet i hit that bitch.. like a game winner
1	tell them hoes come here , cause it look like they forgot bout me , but the fact that they aint seen me , that should say alot bout me
1	this bitch...
1	you niggaz is bitches better yet actresses da k hit ya ass nd flip you like a pissy mattress
1	all bitches all day all the time
1	hahahahahaha 1st i stop swimmin den i fuq ur bitch"
1	if my man ain't appreciating me this pussy definitely is gonna end up in another nigga mouth. you can quote me
1	if your girlfriend doesn't like that bitch, then don't talk to that bitch.
0	this guys company had best year ever...under obama....conservative teabaggers are scum
1	for every bad bitch there is a nigga who treats them like shit ; yet they stay..... i wanna ...
1	bangbangbirdgang ya bitch you 56 -fruit loop
1	is that a hawk? what the fuck kind of bird is that?
1	rico be bored then a bitchdamn boy you watch me more than these hoes do
0	babes we buy brazilian and peruvian not bengali
1	lmao hoes now a days 
1	gotta be atleast 5'10 to call me a bitch lol
1	once we break up, ion want the pussy nomore... yall really hate huh?
1	i got a gang of old ass drafts, all trash
1	now they cheating bitch yall defense sad as the fuck they about to cheat
1	ur welcome u bitch
1	um exactly how most of these hoes twat is setup...
1	turns out his ex-boss called him a pussy. he lasted a week and a day. you can call me anything, just don't touch. but i am not 25 anymore.
1	i know right? but here i am wasting time thinking '1more hr till i start the day...' i'm retarded 
1	eli manning is fucking trash rap
1	cause lord know if another bitch call yo nigga handsome and he entertain it all hell gonna break loose...
1	i'm finna get my leg dne ; my hands catch up hoe
0	the people who work at those companies tend to be trash.
1	said you a mean bitch
1	hey jim you'll love this
1	my bitches get them christians nigga
0	i don't suck tho, you're just mad because you're trash and i carried you. you always had 0 points
1	ugh like i hate when my momma get to talking all proper like bitch stfu.
1	when ah rich nigga want ur bitch it's nothing u can do... but hope she think about u on dem shopping sprees...
0	only one current yankee sells only one current bosox sells only one player on each l.a. team sells most teams have 0, yeah.
1	i'ma beat with pussy up like ray rice. hit it with a left. i don't need a right. remix tosoon
1	and i probably fucked yo bitch homie....
1	some of you bitches arent built to wear certain shit.
1	brandy wanna b down ass bitches 
0	western jihadi fanboys use of language: peppering sentences with arabic words to sound knowledgeable - comical
1	i like tweeting you like this. .. wen yu aint talking to all yo hoes i be like...... ill wait.
1	wow... so this is why big titties were slandered today? u bitch stop the bullshit ...
1	not into dressin' to impress these bitches or niggas...
1	you have a girlfriend, stop asking these hoes to be your bestfriend.
1	bitch you guessin
1	obama's bitch
1	nigga a dyke .. melo garbage ass just now hitting 20k
1	jesus i would love to do that and more to those muzzie torturers, fucking animal savages
1	yourenotmytype if my fade is perpetually fresher than yours." that's a real ass bitch rite there
0	absolutely perfect day in london suns out gona be a cracker at wembley tonight yeaaaaahhhh
1	i will never ever ever give a nigga my all unless i know for a fact he doing the same . yeen finna play me bitch 
1	this foo came to the club wit his bitch on a leash 
1	i want to be filled with hot nigger seed
1	you're not safe pussy boy looooool
1	fuck wit us and we tweakin hoe
1	i swear i needa go on n go back to the old me because bitches think its a game apparently. let's be real
1	going out with bad intension... keep yo girlfriends inside, and i'm not just saying it ask my nigs i mean it
1	the dean a hoe how she fucked home and his bro
1	bitch waaaaaa??
1	yo follow me back nigguh
1	if you don't say thank you after someone holds the door open for you you're a bitch
1	i almost have enough rank to buy some stuff from the purple bitch. what should i buy from the exotic guy?
1	where a prego bitch when i need one i have no milk an a whole box of cinnamon toast crunch man
0	no, i do not wish to spend $40+ to go to a filthy theatre and watch a fuzzy screen with bad sound. annabelle
1	guys be like "man, fuck that bitch"  but deep inside, they miss that "bitch", still love that "bitch", ; want that "bitch" 
1	bitches crazy 
1	making up handshakes with all my bitches now
1	i ain't never had a basic bitch.. never will 
1	man fuck flappy bird
0	dawg man this about to be another trash thursday night game
1	shit pic master hoe protecting ass bow tie nigga
1	bitch u lame af.... get with the times and pop that ass this makes me kinda sad
1	these hoes ain't loyal and niggas ain't either
0	; i are discussing our awful 90s fashion choices: yellow overall shorts, boxers over leggings. what was your bes
0	bird hats &gt; every other hat
1	lol this is why u my nig
0	yankees damn. well joe that move to the bullpen really helped.
1	im so happy in the morning after i shave my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | bigtits | cute preggie slut big tits plays with swollen pussy
1	slut buckets. especially dan. he a hoe.
1	captain kirk hoe
0	if only i dated a girl that lived off mack road i could just get the holy trinity of sacramento ghettos on a daily basis
1	these hoes cant fuck wit you
1	whatwouldyouchangeaboutyourpast the hoes i wasted time with
1	y'all bitches be like 16 looking 25 
1	these bitches aint shit ; pussy is my greatest vice i love smokin weed, i hate advice
1	come to tnd atrocities starts at 7, followed by lost cause, auramea, night verses, and norma jean let's fill this bitch.
1	give me head an kiss yah nigga u a ill bitch
0	elect democratic nominee charlie brown for gov of tn defeat (r) gov. bill haslam
1	lmao fucking bitch ima whoop you like a did yesterday but i'm trying to update the roster you down?
1	stevie j playa of the yr tho lhhatlreunion/he ain't no playerhe stands solid behind his bullshit and bitches respect that
1	sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life
1	never trust a "y'all so cute" ass bitch  they just waiting to strike
1	im so popular all yo bitches know me. most these niggas hatin well at least they know me
1	money has bin on my mind lately so i think its time to leave the hoes alone and get with the program 
1	when bitches try to be funny ... that get you beat up real quick
0	the giants are trash...their time is over.
1	minnesota is full of white trash
1	chase you god damn faggot 
1	ok u hav gun. i love you and you are my superior at fighting games and you probably get more bitches too. peace 
1	asagiraffes pussy
1	ladies what if a dude put two hands in your pussy and started clapping? lmaoo
0	photo check for background spooks.
1	had to wash the bird shit off of my broom...disgusting creatures. redstwitterfam sweep
0	magellan? you suck at trash talk.
1	i hate bitches with bad eyebrows
0	the sash ringing..the trash singing..mash flinging....the flash stringing...ringing....the hash slinging slasher
1	nun of ya bidness bitch
1	don't make me take yo bitch nigga 
1	vegeta is a little bitch teamgoku
1	honestyhour in middle school hoes used to call me a mandingo warrior
1	lmfaoooooo i'm so glad my shorty ain't all over twitter and ig tryna be a famous columbus hoe 
0	i don't know what you been told but i love them project hoes
1	if more den 5 niggas can say dey fuked yo bitch u shuldnt be cuffin her 
1	these hoes give it up now, shame i could see they cherry stems in the fucking street.
1	check it out you gotta vodka soda ; a lemon on the bottom of that bitch ? thats cool
1	' lemme find out you didn't answer my call cause you otp with that niggah 
1	shut up niglet
1	" bitch who do you love "
1	you two need to stop acting like two little bitches.
1	this bitch 
1	and i just cleaned the entire fucking weight room. looked like a tornado went through this bitch.c'mon franklin
1	bitch im waitin on my chicken nuggets
1	i'm going to be an ugly niggah for halloween so i can just be myself.
1	serving size is latin for youre a little bitch
1	damn thot i blocked ur fuzzy butt. have now. 
1	i hate hype ass bitches, like ... it's too early for you to be all loud; sit tf down somewhere.
1	i snorted shit with more girls in my presence than a dude lmao coke head bitches..
1	i'm like rashad and i did her like when he found out the ghetto truth about new-new
0	why would u let ur girl even go to a party without u thats retarded lol u must want to get cheated on
1	if you can fuck my bitch, cause nigga i'm the shit i'll salute ya
1	ion sell vics no mo ion drink lean no mo bitch ion even smoke tree no mo
1	only hoes cheat
1	if your a nigga ... and you use the term " yassssssssss " im just gonna assume your a fag
0	royal city of the kushite kings at meroe (sudan),near river nile.it was the seat of the rulers who occupied egypt
0	her being albino isn't the problem. its that gut, that hair, and that fish net she decided to wear. sooo many things wrong w
1	that bitch is corn fed
0	even though a bird can fly, it must land on earth.
1	yeah....but your the one who wanted followers,you gotta work it bitch
1	long distance sex will definitely have u thinking u like a bitch a lil too much.
0	nah. its over&gt; people don't tell artists what do to. that's defies the definition of what we are trying to show youpeople. retards game7
1	you pissing in my trash can again?
1	please dnt take no pictures please dnt take no pictures especially with my jewelry on man these hoes so vicious
1	 niggas sending screenshots of me to they bitches like " stop texting cuh " 
1	when you eat the pussy so good she can't control her moans 
1	tell them hoes "i'm all friended out"
1	and my bitch gon' blast and she got the ass like...
1	lmfao this is some straight up retarded shit up in here
1	these hoes be acting up
1	that kids a fag
1	smoke sesh niggah what u mean
1	nigga relax i cheat on my girl with regular bitches so this a no brainer.
1	i am woman, hear me bitch.
0	someone should explain to blake griffin that talking trash to an opposing 3rd string is unbecoming, even amongst clippers.
1	fam... you a faggot for kicking a field goal just got beat 44 to 3 in madden"
1	"boys are dumb no faith in boys" bitch shut up youre in high school acting like this is going to be the person you marry.
1	sniff perved up scally lad. fuck yeah.
1	anxiety is such a cunt
1	she spelled faggots with an e you're so cool lol
1	i hate a "i don't text first" type bitch
1	cuffin these hoes man that's where you went bad at. you prolly gettin laughed at cuz everybody smashed that 
0	who is john hanson? a "black" man, a moor, john hanson was the first president of the united states george...
1	"are these hoes loyal?"  n  o  o  o o  o o     . .  . .
1	nigger
1	nigga i'm just popping molly ; stepping out. you bowling bitch don't come at me
1	that's what i tell my hoes when they ain't throwing the neck aint nobody got time for that"
1	the guys at la fitness are such fags 
1	bitches love throwing that irrelevant shade  go sit lil bitch .
1	that bitch could sit on my face.
1	 i can not wait to see this fucking cunt. her ass is mine.
0	lil kim really made herself trash smh 
1	bitch pussy
0	but i callin out da race card. ain't no colored podcasts out dare
1	pau a hoe. how u gon play after the trade deadline i dislike that guy. yea he helped bring two chips but he soft a
1	we don't send pussy ass cowards to old sparky
0	shy glizzy decent af
1	that's how you let the beat build bitch.
1	idk what ur saying probably desperate for my pussy
1	karma is a bitch? well just make sure that bitch is beautiful..
1	women would put up with very little love as long as the man have money..gross bitches be with broke abus
1	i'm highly upset dat des bitches tryanna clown me on a media sight bitch i ain't going
1	i want snake bites , my industrial piercin ; a tattoo"dem hoe accessories dea 
0	jig levitating for lousiville
1	gemini gets irritated by jealous bitches.
1	mine pussy
1	some niggas act like straight up bitches
1	when you having a girls night and you cooking for ya bitches ctfu ghettogirls
1	one thing i love about my relationship is we have an understanding that we don't like cute shit. cute is for the birds.
1	ill break a bitch down, like the pussy she is.
1	don't let this natural hair care shit fool you. some of you hoes need a perm.
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | facial | blonde tranny whore gets rammed and facialized
1	when she tells you "go hug one of your hoes." ; you actually do it
1	might see a bitch an forget i hit it
1	i know u dawg hoes bck in style
1	karma is a bitch .... 
1	juan likes black girls monday - wednesday, spanish girls thursday ; friday, ; white bitches on the weekend tbb
1	guys that struggle to get pussy are the main niggas that bad talk women. he could get more pussy if he can learn how to stfu and chill
0	surprise, surprise tsa trashes brandon darby's border patrol sources
1	these hoes ain't loyal no they ain't
1	when you deep in the pussy 
1	i love bad bitches it my fucking hobby, and yeah they're on all fours like a fucking doggy..
1	i'm tired of dat bitch mannn
1	good pussy be making a nigga have to regroup pull out and get your thoughts together
1	i'm hungry but ionn wanna spend my money on food"broke hoe problems 
1	dino in rare form mind your business hoe annually smh webb hurt
1	that bitch got 631k followers but drive a honda 
1	my dick is called cute relationship because it's what all bitches really want.
1	if i don't text you no more thats cuz you a boring bitch just so y'all hoes know."
1	in conclusion, lois lerner is a giant bitch.
1	ugly flat chested prude ass white bitch
1	bitch im weakkk vic 
1	shame of you self-hating kike. we jews are g-d's chosen people.
1	on westside i'm screamin fuck kd bitch
1	my niccas on sum spooky shit, hide n a cut pop out n drop a bitch
1	amber rose is everything at the vmas. killen every bitch.
0	no-tv-during-the-week parenting rule has thrown quite a monkey wrench into rooseveltspbs viewing schedule. dvrtime 
1	13hours of hell. obama flat out lied to get reelected. killery &lt;what diff does it make now? karma, it's a bitch
1	when you hear ya homie with no hoes lying
0	wait a minute... bowyer causing a yellow in a chase race caution, 15 nascar
1	i always wanted a bull dog them hoes clean fuck a pit
1	i would rather fuck a fat chick than allow a nigger into my house.
1	wish tonight was purge so i can get to hunting shut yo hoe ass up
1	one, two, three, four, how many niggers are in my store?
1	that hoe gone jam watch if you ain't throwing ass bitch "fuck out the party "
1	just seen this little yellow nigga who lives in a pineapple..... thats some crazy shit.
1	if a bitch is bad n single she single fo a reason....hoe prolly cray or a runna
1	he prolly gone laugh n say this bitch crazy 
1	fuck you bitch
1	my uncle taught me abt sex. he said 'the birds fuck the bees.' then he told me he banged a girl so hard her freckles c
1	who's a thottie? yous a thottie who's a thottie? yous a thottie yes you bitch womp womp.  lord save these parched hoes
0	seeing another baseball team just makes me wanna book my trip right now.
1	allergies ain't bothered me all summer now all of a sudden in the middle of august shit is startin to get real. ain't that about a bitch
0	trash about us and your from another conference- you can say goodbye
1	bitch whatever nigga u were to scared to play
1	when nino said "cancel that bitch ill buy a new one" &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	"hoooow bitch how"
1	watch women try to argue with me like they have a dick and actually fucked some pussy before" i hate when bitches do that
1	them shits was dry as a bitch had to ask for water and shit 
1	at the mlk march tryna find a man bitch we see u
1	i ain't trying to fuck, bitch. i just want wings.
1	this hoe waited until she got 45 to make a sextape chile.. oh my lord
0	when robinson cano left the yankees they were selling his jersey for $25. when aaron hernandez went to jail they sold his for $10.
1	i should've fought you when i was over there if only i was myself and i haven't popped that talking about u only need two hits bitch please
1	i like weed brownies and cookies, im straight but seein crooked, got muh trippy kit hope i trip and fal into some pussy tunchei
1	mann that pussy throwback
1	handicap sticker bitch i park where i want.
1	i don't fuck wit these bitches cuz they think they slick
1	y'all lonely ass bitches sure do give out a lot of relationship advice....
1	my sister is such a bitch to me when she don't get her way
1	what's going down pussies?
1	this bitch must b from jojo world 
1	pull up on my ex make that bitch mad.
1	r.i.p. to the hoes dying for attention
1	sonoma county cannot handle the gutto style straight up north bay is pussies forever
1	girls dress like hoes and wonder why good guys aren't attracted to them...
1	i donated both of my (very expensive) prom dresses to teens who couldn't afford to buy one. don't be a selfish bitch.
1	it's cold as penguin pussy.
1	shorty name is " masika" and y'all surprised she a hoe.
1	i probably am mentally retarded
1	just facetime doms bitch ass
1	kill em all at once i say. the world will be a better place when bitches like her dies lonely
1	going to get my id today fucking finally i'll see you retards soon
1	one of the best faggot jokes of all time is stephenking's it&gt; anybody seen that faggot lately? i believe he's dressed as obama .
0	if life hands you a hot potato try throwing it at two birds.
1	sombody bring me some pussy
1	gotta love tanner country, hoes ; all,haha
1	nd wtf is up with dark bitches with blonde.. please have several seats hoe" ..looking like black;milds out here
1	wow, he didn't just call them bitches, from what i could see it looked like brady told the crowd "f*ck you, bitches ...
0	yellow fin
0	green beans, summer yellow squash, zucchini, cucumber i will set some more out by the road today its free.
1	happy birthday to my main bitch, my ride or die, my girlfriend love you so much
1	describing new pussy like a baltimore love thing out this bitch.
0	gorgeous calico maine coon cat
1	didn't i just say i thought u told me to delete them so i deleted them bitch
1	when you're stressing over someone then realize you got hoes .. 
1	her pussy so good like i left something
1	hot pockets &gt; hoes
1	i stalk my bf's insta and follow any girl that flirts with him. scare the bitches
1	late night phone convos with my hoomie that nigga a gook
1	if her mom was/is a hoe then she's most likely a hoe too. where do you think she learned it from?
1	jackie weird .. like bitch hang with ppl ya age
1	yea i forgot i was talkin to a degenerate faggot
1	this bitch just said "i hope it snows like hell this summer "  now how in the actual fuck do you expect that to happen?
1	that depression shit trash.
1	same hoes with they ass out tonight gonna be singing "jesus loves me" in the morning
1	bob marley wrote about peace but all you hoes remember him for is smoking a blunt
1	i be drippin in so much damn sauce, got bitches ready to lick it off 
1	i'm sure would add this helpful parenthetical explanation if these were redneck peckerwood teabaggers.
1	good enough fag
1	now this new bitch acting dumb tryna correct my every word.
1	yea, my bitch is crazy. so what?
1	wiz khalifa was the most influential rapper in my era. we seem to forget all the trends this nigguh started
0	2 iubb games when im in bloomington btown how good is that? ncaa basketball college indiana iu hoosiers
0	everywhere you look, all you see is hillbilly deluxe... big timin in a small town. smalltownproblems neversaiditwasabadthing brooksndunn
1	so i already don't fuck with dude, but i be nice. and i'm humoring him. but this bitch crossed a line. "first of motherfucking all..."
1	icepick punk bitch blood in the mosh pit
1	im a faggot
0	i'd rather hear neal degrasse tyson tell me about scientific mistakes in their assumptions than some wasp...
0	you watching this trash?
0	hi charlie
1	little bitch your ass is getting tased when i get home
1	some hoes live jus to hit the clubs every weekend .. 
1	"don't you ever give my pussy away. you keep it tight, alright?"
1	you need to insert a chill pill up your ass. twice a day until your bitch assness goes away. if the problem persists, see a doctor.
1	if preferring to be barefoot makes me a basic bitch, sign me up. do i get a free mason jar?
1	i'm so sure bitch" frfr tf
1	i took the hoe to burger king
0	i hate hashtag activism. no lie. i think 95% of it is trash.
1	that was deep.... like yo mommas pussy deep.
1	these hoes is thotful
1	this bitch said she'll do something strange for some change
1	i had to tell a bitch, i want the loveeeee
1	not to yall thou yalll fucking glad bag trash
1	fat bitches are rapist 
1	stay safe and remember if u a girl and u on ur period don't go to a party and..bitch jus stay home u gross as shit
1	my dad is a hoe, fuck him 
1	yo hoe is like a tick so she hunting for a blood
1	all i wanna do is go workout then come back home and lay in bed jerk off, kill two birds with one stone.
1	u see the damn phone ringing? " when you married bitches makes demands you haven't called me
1	throw me a blunt bitch
1	commence carpet bombing all iraq soldiers in this video executed by jihadis from tunis
1	it's the 21st century ladies spoil your man. don't be a snotty stuck up bitch.
1	it's hard getting a bitch from the hood to suck your dick on camera.she swear everybody knows her....and she hates the light.
1	$10,000 dinner dates with yo man bitch. pow
1	niggas need to learn to ride for there homies, not for the crew hoes smfh.
1	any bitch that tell you "i normally don't do this" get ready for the best head/pussy you've ever got
1	i hate myself for bein so nice to these hoes bro. ..
1	darf retarded lol
1	photo: here some kimora boobies for you   this is how unlock before i slice a bitch. kimorablac...
1	listing to my dumb ass mom ; just getting my eyebrows done at a new place the bitch fucced them up ; i have picture day tomorrow 
1	rally's sound good af. but ion have no hoes so we can't take that ride 
1	bitch im back at home now. 
1	you gotta respect a bitch before she let's you put your entire arm in her vagina.
1	having one is stressful... having a lot of bitches seem stressful
1	"pussy"
0	isis supporters in america: the jihadis next door
1	henny ; hoes. peace ; tranquillity if you were a greek mythical godwhat would u be 
1	no longer a side bitch 
1	if we get any trick of treaters i will be giving out android advice. so... stop on in, faggots
1	bitch fuck yo nigga, what's up with that pussy?
1	fucked up when a freak hoe tell you ya posed to be homeboy was pillow talking too .. fukniccas
1	science, bitch thewalkingdead
0	the only thing better than a bargain is a yankee bargain.
1	bitches is stupid .. they get cheated on by they man and wanna go fight the girl . no bitch leave that nigga and move on 
1	shaved pussy ho gets serious anal sexhere
1	y'all hoes nasty letting any body hit an eat y'all out smh
0	i hate that wee boy wae the squinty eyes in the game of thrones. suchaprick hopehegetskilled
1	or the i was sleep curve.. really bitch ? u slept from 1am to 11pm huh.. smh
0	wib plays next fri (5-16-14)at the silverdome ballroom(21+) in neillsville,wi with charlie parr ; hobo nephews of uncle frank tickets 15$
1	all my hoes got money she in the mall she ballin bitch buy something for me
1	"you ain't my bitch" is my favorite response to long texts
1	 my nig
1	when tupac said "i ain't a killer but don't push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy."
1	burn forever, bitch.
1	i hate when bitches keep saying "yassss like" like bitch u sound stupid stfu
1	yo fuck firestone for that commercial givin bitches ideas to run over guy's video games. i'd cut a bitch over that.
1	 when you wake up to bae being a hoe on the tl
1	cant trust niggas when it come to bitches
1	but what if he actually does choose the ugly bitch over you? "her ass must be fat
1	don't hoe me
1	it's hilarious seeing chicks cry and whine through song lyrics on here because they got with a little scene fag instead of a real man 
1	it's annoying when ppl follow to unfollow.. like bitch "i" was trying to be considerate 
1	false start bitches
1	fucking nosey ass bitch i swear lol
1	bitch plz
1	i just wanna spread your legs ; kiss ; lick my way down to your pussy just so i can feel every bit of wetness on my tong
1	so is my pussy
1	and the jew favorited my tweet though. lol. don't have anymore time for this trash.
1	uh oh its 9/11 what you gonna preach and cry about today faggot.
1	gettin bitches was never hard i just settled down cause that start got corny an my girl thurl 
0	you make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside  youcansitwithus
1	buddy a fruit brandon said you a dirty ass coon
0	flappy bird on bull....
1	remember this bro?  don't show people this 
1	a bitch can look like a million dollars wit sum garbage ass pussy
1	niggah lol i had 6 beers before i went to the bar then had 4 beers at the bar then got a 12pck on the way home lool
1	y does every female think every nigga they come across is in love w them? bitch i could leave u , smoke a blunt ; forget 
1	"mom ive had it. im dropping out" "excuse me" "im done with fake bitches. the hw. all of it. done" "ur in 2nd grad
1	you drink light beer? hahahahahahahahahahaha what a pussy
1	bitch you look like a deformed version of rocky
0	i just wanted brownies man
1	push a bitch out a car like im gucci mane bitch
1	not dykes or anything
0	we gunna laff at chava/rubio beaner supporters in a min
1	that boy has always been a pussy never been a threat
1	niggas will call a female a hoe or thot then 10 mins later go to and thirst over a porn star
0	damn internal alarm clock. woke up at 6:35am feeling chunky from my 3am cheerios splurge. guilt led me to the treadmill. gym nosleep
1	if my son ever turn out gay ima have to get his mom and let this nigga know what a pussy feel like
1	trash
1	your bitch frontin' that's you my bitch stuntin' that's me
1	bitch see you then then bitch. and good luck to you.
1	i'm on go, so bitch tread carefully.
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | latina | latina mature big pussy
1	tbt nigguh
1	get your slow ass out my way bitch
1	ay cuh its hot af . im finna go buy yo bitch some ice cream . lol
0	he said capri-sun and zebra cake
0	since will be a hoser... hi.
1	myspace: died a couple of years ago. facebook: in the hospital. twitter: at the strip club throwing ones at the big booty hoe
1	treatin yo hoe like she yo bestfriend.. like thats wifey
1	them other bitches aint got nothing on me i can tell by how your still fucking with meeeee
0	hungover and feeling yyyyyeelllloooowwwwww dbh yellow
1	i hate that hoe ... she ain't bout shit
0	"why y'all doing the als challenge if y'all not gonna donate?" cuz we don't $10k ; tiger blood to donate unlike charlie 
1	pussy watch it nuh mi neva lov mon. -badmon
1	not scared to pepper spray a bitch *hand gently resting on fanny pack*
0	if you give that statement any thought at all you will realize it makes no sense. at all. please, think abo
1	fly as a bitch on aladdin rug
1	i can't talk to anyone but you can go answer little.phone calls from your little bitches on the low in the bathroom foh
1	say you love that bitch so much i'll kill you right in front of her
0	ouuua ita siana. alu polosi ho nifo namu ta'e.
1	with your bitch ass...
1	having a friend that's a hoe but boring is probably depressing.
1	the looters in ferguson are so retarded, that they risk arrest to get free food when ebt already pays for their food lo
1	japanese mature cat with spots has her old pussy split wide and filled with hardcocks
1	ariana grande built like a 13 year old chinese boy, bitch shaped like an iphone 3gs but niggas go crazy over her.. she no
0	remember when we paused an all-star game to honor mariano rivera? tbt
0	pink "albino" dolphins are extremely rare but do exist in the wild.
0	the minute those red n yellow for rent signs go up the reg. ppl start selling n move
0	and she's watchin' him with those eyes / and she's makin' him linguine ; clams with that body, i just know it
0	happy birthday to my pops. old negro spiritual is 64 today lol
1	every bitch with her ass out on instagram bio be like deleted at 100k for booking email
1	linda you just yourself rn you retard^^
1	 swear they emojis
1	" ; you might not get ya bitch back ; thats that "
1	jessica i'm not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow
1	i'm really chill. i talk to everyone, i'm far from being a stuck up bitch.
1	wish i could get drunk tonight.. but my hoe ass drinkin buddy sick  and the other one left 
1	this is true. that bitch has two accounts
1	you aint special niglet when i'm chilling wit greg ppl walk up to me to ask me to take picshatin
1	am zoneing they say i'm possessed it's a omen i keep 300 like the romans with 300 bitches with the trojans i been a menace for the longest.
1	i hate a copy cat ass bitch. monkey see, monkey do ass bitch 
1	but not prettier than amber's. her pussy is pretty
1	lmfaoo never i be dolo , i dont got no niggas, ; for my old hoes fuck all them 
1	zach huggins tell yo bitch to leave me tf alone
1	my po heart still beatin fast da way dat nigger scream into dat microphone. i felt like i be at da welfare office and cut da line
1	you a broke bitch too.
0	just found out has an australian president hoosiers are my team hoosierstate indiana iu iubb big10 20-2 tonight
1	-the base) and would mean it would hurt like a bitch to have one broken off.
1	they hoes ain't loyal, they rotate
0	"mam, rene doet in haar rol net of ze ongesteld is wat is ongesteld?" van dat soort vragen waar je denkt: hoe leg ik die weer uit.
1	4th beat my pussy up like i snitched on you and you had to serve time in a state correctional facility for 5 years.
1	wait a min or her pussy that rihanna cologne for men probably smell like curry goat and nail clippings.
1	horny milf in sexy lingerie has her old pussy pummeled by a harddick
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | hairy | hairy florence shoves a dildo in her hairy red pussy
0	my shift won't be over no time so in the mean time im doing what i have to go to get by. and if it means tweeting trash i will
1	if i got hoes then i sure cant find where i put them.. lol
1	why bitches act like i can't read or like words don't have a meaning.
0	when you eat food that's too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon.
0	this. good. pricklypear shiner
0	cactus is a yellow lab chow mix too hershey was everybody's "active" buddy. cactus is one special pup. she's an angel.
1	don't make me make you fall in love with a bitch* like me
1	he aint a real nigger, oh my bad a real nigga, but praise the sonsof satan for having not a realnigger qualitaties. im hating?
1	only if it's funny tweets about ashy niggers
1	guns are fucking corny put down your assault rifles and knuckle up.. i wanna go hand to hand with all the nra pussy ass spoke ...
1	splashgang on you pussy n%a'z ay i tried to tell n%a'z
1	lawd, i got so many enemies,,, bitches i don't even know ..
1	happy birthday pussy. have a good one
1	it's my brother weekend bitch longlivelilray
1	i would wife a hoe only cuz we wouldn't care that we cheating in each other." ...why force the relationship in the first place?
0	mint oreos &gt;&gt;&gt;
1	lmaoooo aye people person so you know lil rico got hoes hahaha
0	its either a gun, a sandwich, or both. details looking really fuzzy right now and i don't trust any police department in mo
1	i moved that niggah anyways.
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	he a real nigga tho, that bitch know her place
1	she said i hurt her feelings now she dating dykes..
1	when you're grinding with a bitch and she's knocking you over with the booty
1	i love pussy 
1	chill, i'm not a coon sick of you fake bougie ass coons lol
1	all i wear is vineyard vines and american flag chubbies. i'm the opposite of a wigga.
1	you thought you had enough hair for a ponytail bitch
1	lol, what i look like waiting on another nigga bitch.
1	i'm "walk into my local convenience store ; the clerk says 'what up, girl? keystone is on sale, yo'" white trash. line forms to the right.
1	bitches will be bitches
1	thirsty hoe
1	i wish a bitch would 
1	if a girl cant make a decision whether to date you or not tell that bitch to kick rocks.
0	usc senior rb anthony brown calls head coach steve sarkisian a racist and quits team.  he's a bitch
1	she got the body of a faggot . 
1	bc she's a cunt hoe bag
1	lmaoooo.... jesus healed folks wit leoparcy but yall hoes wanna get leopard print tattoos
1	hoes always say they a "rider" bitch stfu and ride this dick lmaoooooooooooooooooooo 
1	how about darkskin dykes?
1	u want me to panda express so someone. can break up the like fuck stick to plan and go to plano get that bitch out your blood
1	a boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together. a guy should never have these hoes laughing at his girl..
0	i don't want to deal with yesterday's trash there's a reason it got thrown out in the first place
1	chocolate cake is so trash.
1	yahhhhhh bitch yahhhh
1	ur avi prolly shoot dust out your phone cuz that shit so old u cat fishing the bitches on here lmao
1	michigan is a big state. the hoes on twitter and instagram make just it smaller.
1	my brother want to put on an asshole persona just to get females.that what happens when you let pussy control you, you
1	you can't trust no chick that got a pet cat b those bitches be mad sneaky
1	lmfao, stupid bitch tells me at the door they already started, and to come back. ummmm nah
1	this some bullshit, bitch. show lana kane.
1	the bitch got some nerve
1	can i bring another bitch let's have a 3some
1	i watched the 1st season bc i wanted to see the diff sides of elijah. not to see a thristy hoe who uses walgreen's hair dye
0	is it weird licking your own nip?
1	daddy cracker and a few bad bitches...
1	that's right. you don't marry hoes, you rent em
1	when it start thundering bitches be like i wana cuddle naw bitch you just wana excuse to suck a dick you and mimi sit tf down in a corner
1	yuh bitch voz de mando at ok was the best mf friday yet :)
1	lol someone fucking yo bitch?
1	a nicca is hungry as hell
1	load this bitch up with kool aid
0	working saturday is for the birds fml
1	when lil wayne said 'why give a bitch ya heart when she rather have a purse'
1	lame dude anyway bitch, bye  dawg look at this shit
1	your a cunt
1	and here standing in the red corner weighing 145lbs the pussy destroying champion of the world, adam nobodyknowshisrace smith
1	ask a bitch in 2014 if she would rather have jesus than silver ; gold i bet u she tell a lie.
1	dyke ron
1	rare pic of trash posing with trash
1	ain't been on this hoe all day haha fwm
1	pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga wi
0	uhh messi trash . and im flattered but what was the games scorre
1	is a fag hesgay
1	message to the homies...dont blow a good girl. having hoes is childish...in the end they do nothing for you either.
0	elissa would call me trash, vile, etc.
1	bastino is my niggah
1	some bitches think a trucker hat automatically makes them a model.....
1	i would have loved to watch newman bitch slap johnson i'd pay to see that
1	she might be the one dont be a bitch
0	tranny
1	woah did this bitch say love? 
1	scrappy mom run all his bitches away
1	getting all these checks like nike i'm icy and yo bitch like me- dice soho 
1	i don't care how hot a bitch is, if her personality is shit, shes shit.
1	rikanya &lt;&lt;&lt;  get this bitch out my dm
1	exactly, so she's a bitch
1	i aint saying you a bitch, but you be acting like a female, dog.
1	if you're fucking your sons barber and you still gotta pay for the cut...ya pussy is wack 
1	that nigguh sucks
1	faggot time he circled the block for 3 hours
1	if u know this bitch u know ur mexican
1	that was no accident lmfao these hoes trynna be lowkey slick...
1	ayy yo my nigga be all up on da,pussy not lettin dat muafucka breathe.
1	pass them sticks bitch
1	5sos be like: come hang out with us but not if u fugly. oh and side hoes to the left thnx.
1	ross is tha biggest bitch
1	porn stars are 100% acceptable bro. im was talking about these air mattress hoes....lol
1	lmao, i fucks with ; real talk, them bitches know how to have fun
0	dear mr. science: if human so "better," how come they can't be bird? oh i'm sorry was that too logic for you????
1	southcarolina is full of white trash
0	monkey see monkey doo
1	she need a man, not no pussy boy.
0	yankees wasted nuez's season rays mlb
1	the top comeback for when you call a nigga ugly. 1. "i still pull more hoes than you."
0	who on gz's defense team is paying media to trash the prosecution constantly?
0	hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work we go it's militarymonday...support a military organization today.
0	i dont understand how its weak to give anything to jeter when the astros barely have any history with the yankees
1	lol it's a crew, not actual hoes
1	hey hoe
1	this nigga magic johnson got a grade a faggot for a son .. he had to have done some terrible shit growin up lol..
1	lmaoooooo lil dave you a hoe for that
1	fuck i look like shopping at that trash ass store
1	money over bitches even though i love ladies
1	big dreams, cause that small goal shit is for the birds.
1	you automatically a hoe if somebody calls you one.
1	shavonne was doing ballet in the middle of the street last night and fell  bitch it wasn't ballet
1	why does this bitch on the olympics have a giant band aid on that looks like mia designed it for american apparel?
1	girls be like "1/13/13 i love you babe &lt;3" bitch isn't that today?
1	u need to be in someone's church negrour absolutely right, but i work sunday's but still no excuse.
1	degenerateartist can't do it all on card&gt; i'm not a french muslim retard&gt; i don't expect or demand a child bride yard, cuz i got man dick&gt;
1	if you're a freshman and you've fucked 1/4 of the boys in the senior class.. you're a hoe. notcute
1	you're welcome, i miss you too nig nog
1	is anything going down tonight besides my bitch
1	the microwave at work is broken, so my ghetto ass put a hamburger patty in the toaster to warm it up..
1	slowbros over hoes
1	why is it everytime i go to cracker barrel the girl with great tits that seats you who is your waitress nope its the chick with 2 teeth
1	bruuuuuuh  kobe, last night yelling at dwight howard: "you a bitch ass n*****"?
1	my bitch gotta be as fly as me if not flyer
1	it's bros before hoes, not bros before your girlfriend. if you find a good girl, she needs to be put above everything. t
1	so ghetto.
1	dekalb police are some hoes...
1	i'm surprised you could read it with slits for eyes
1	talk about pussy power 
0	woof woof and hot soles
1	use coconut oil faggot
1	here i go welcome to the titty show. typa ass i see in a video. when i fuck, nut in you like a silly hoe.
1	i wonder who wrote that blog... either a hoe dat let a few of them niggas beat to no avail, or a bitch nigga who hoe let a few of em beat
1	i dont have any problems with zak, but you seem like a faggot
1	y'all bitches switch a roo niggas  who the hell
1	"ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches/look at my scalp real close and you'll see triple sixes"
1	ewww i said that last sunday..as in the last sunday i was there. read it again nigs"
0	m;s bids for most social christmas yet with follow the fairies campaign cle marketing
1	them old bytches sorry as phuck in the sack... the pussy get ripe in her 30's
1	" fuck you say bitch? i will kill you "
1	one thing i hate more than lightskin niggas, is a confused bitch like either you go fwm or you gon fw these niggas. 
0	- cmchat why do u think its so hard for"hick hop"2get major air time on most stations cmchat when it's w
1	the spot is open for you take so your better grab it before another bitch do and if she is determined and beautiful enough she will do it
1	catch me fuckin off tonight nolinenowait in that bitch as well... meetmethere
1	boats 'n hoes 
0	y'all saw how mad that little chunky boy was? he wouldn't even let his dad touch him, bruh lmao
1	woman busting her ass to please you and you treat her like shit cuz you a immature ass lil boy. yeah fuck all you hoe ass niggas.
1	grandmas always b asking you "do you have a girlfriend???" no....i got hoes tf you mean real shit.
1	niggas bitches getting exposed"
0	everybody, look at this bird-killing wind mill lover. ;-)
1	she just wanna run around the city and make memories that she can barely remember and i'd allow her, talk about pussy power.
1	you're all pussies. only men throw whammers in their assholes
1	lml se pasa de shunsha and no mi joda w ur bitch waaa 
0	swap meet bound beaner
1	i can't wait to turnup with my bitches . i miss them 
1	yall pussies i swur
1	step up all in was so horrible that bitch went straight to dvd 
1	i was at a red light on decatur ; lake mead ; some bitch that knew me was too happy to see melike bitch was finna get in my passenger seat
1	always a fat bitch in the handicap spot but never a dude in a wheelchair.
1	smh you dreamed i was a faggot? wow my dream lmfao start from the bottom , up .
1	how paul gonna pick up the ball after a score, and bitch to thevrefs and the warriors bench without getting a t?
1	i bet he rey go crazy ona bitch jack llab
1	because of the message that sends to lgbtq residents in the state. not as if west virginia is a paradise for queer people. today is major.
1	but you love me, you don't wanna be with nobody else, blah blah.. bullshit fa the birds..
0	gook
1	aids fuck? smdh u punk bitch.
1	maddie, karissa, ireland, cierra and i have gotten so close i'd kill a bitch for them tbh
1	just called me a basic bitch and i'm not sure how i feel about it
1	if you gotta nigga or bitch.... please stay out my dm's i'm tired of y'all taken girls
1	my grandpa has better comebacks and he's dead you faggot go outside and let go of your little ass dick for a minute
1	dani alves pulled off that hairstyle. neymar just looks like a faggot
1	bruh why it look like a niggah dick slapped the baby 
1	skinny girls pussy be good den a mf u don't feel nothing but pussy. + 100 points on the board for skinny girls.
1	also. i know one ho in particular who loves pointing out that everyone else is a ho. lol"
1	why do bitches stand like this?  she wanted to be in mj's smooth criminal video so bad..
1	calling it am early night heartache is a bitch broken
1	haha imma catch ebola trynna keep myself warm lol ewww bitch well stay far away from me
1	shut up nigger
1	i put her pussy on the map
1	i really can't stand while people slander shit 90% trash
1	pussy
1	maybe i don't text you first because you read my messages and don't respond.  k bitch.
0	watching richie rich on tv..even he wanted to kick it with the ghetto kids.. shows yuh how much money aint a thang...
1	when you drop all your hoes for your girl and she say she dont want a relationship
1	that hoe over there.
0	if anyone wants to bring me a sweet tea to my party.. that'd make my bday perfect.. well that and cracker barrel 
1	girls wanna hoe around and turn up but gone regret the shit afterwards.
0	well since you is blood you get a g pass but only this time and i won't tell wop about that lyric situation
1	he like me even more cuz he know i gotta bitch
1	sorority girls the absolute worst bitches
1	i want to suck your pussy
1	i got a cousin thats rollin ... got a bitch in tha hoovers
1	grindin cuzz thats all shit dont stop wats good witcha thou bitch you been mia too
1	this hairstylist in the mall gone ask nesha wats under that beenie this bitch said her momma lmfaoooo
1	ya fag
1	dora ; her table manners --- she's eating like a sloppy hoe?
0	sir career tho apka waise bhi khatam ho chukka. you have become new amar singh so try for publicity kejr
1	i wonder if i oomf i be like i want fuck would i be wrong or  you a be one brave as bitchone day 
1	"6 god" by drake is trash" thank you
1	uh excuse me bitch, you don't need to shout.
1	dnt blame niggas when a female see ya hoe ass ways. go listen to some jt money fruitcake
1	this nigga kanye looking at his ice cream like "hoe ass ice cream you aint as cold as kanye"
1	happy birthday bitch nigga thanks pal
0	kanye west is a costume not a mock of a race. girl i hate to do this but kanye is a human not a costume but
1	i tell a bitch i don't love shit fuck somethin
0	the man who captured muammar gaddafi was wearing a yankees cap:
1	i can't fuck any ol bitch niggas be desert dicks out here
1	did you get your volcano yet faggot
1	you knw where i am pussy i hate when u ask me tht
1	this bitch said "use my titties as a punchin bag" 0-/-&lt;
1	k dude seriously i'm not retarded, so stop talking to me like i am or i'll start being retarded and make you change my drool cup
1	i done hit bout 6 threes out this bitch
1	guys that cheat on their girlfriend are trash. the girls that know he has a girlfriend are also trash.
1	really ain't nuttin to cut that bitch off
1	lightskins and spanish girls be acting like breaking niggas hearts is a necessity. stop being cruel bitch
0	a quick lesson on the birds and the bees: the birds are looming, oily, sudden. the bees are bulbous, shrieking, hungry.
1	first off who you calling a hoe ? don't make me go sharkeisha ok you boo boo
0	what i really want is some brownies from h;r, iced latte, my boy, and a blanket w/ movies. that sounds prettttttty amazi
1	i ain't don't turnin up bitch
1	just said cunt in front of this old lady, i kinda froze, then she yelled "yeah you tell that cunt" is it too late in life to get adopted?
0	sore loser charlie crist wont give concession speech, calls for recount tcot pjnet
0	jimmy and two-man doo-wop performance just went live on youtube fallontonight htt
1	pussy ass nigguh name jesus. and his daddy
1	pussy
1	honestly i kind of get offended when people ask me if my eyelashes are fake. fake eyelashes aren't this long bitches. 
1	you stupid lil ass bitch i ain't fuckin with chuuu.
1	i seen what you look like ,not impressed.dont talk shit you dirt looking bitch
1	fags.
1	riding wit my old dude .. dis nicca bangin freshprince summertime 
1	when her pussy doesn't taste like pineapples
0	mila kunis has heterochromia iridum which gives her two different colored eyes. one eye is green, the other is brown.
1	lmao yeah that pussy yours cee come get some breakfast from boom breakfast plz
1	lol wyo bitch
0	wow i can put slit trophies against u in those
1	my dog is gonna be a bitch magnet for sure no
1	i won't trust a bitch 
1	lmao nigga shoulda said i would be balless bc dat cold bitch wont stop blowin meswaagg
1	any nicca gettin it n da ass is a fag howw? please explain this twitter logic. i'm confused. 
1	i smashed her an dat pussy was wet 
0	black guy in class: *attempts to throw a paper ball into the trash* *misses* mrs. mundy: "you're a disgrace to your race, marcus" 
1	just watch bitch nigga u gonna want the whole team dead
1	they should be ashamed of themselves. i'll be single for life before i fuck w a nasty, faggot ass white man.
0	my grandma got a rosta colored dress it's so pretty she better let me borrow it
1	"nah go talk to ur bitch since she yo crush n shit"
1	gotta eat her pussy so good she forget dick coming next. have her talking to herself like "he brought dick with him too"" 
1	you is a bitch ass nigguh
1	you ready to make this stats test our bitch?
1	u think them nigs u with is with u?
1	sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean y'all happy, having a title d
1	pizza, a salad and alcohol is all i want.....my cravings need to be met or i'm a rude bitch
1	gave themselves, when the bakers took pay cuts that killed the twinkie. tell the fucking truth for once
0	see ya gives the yankees a 4-3 lead in the 10th with a solo home run
1	it's hard being a real nigga when these niggas got bitch tendencies
1	oh man.. "its 5 am, you off a molly, ho where the fuck ya seed at??"" fixed
1	then again... i shoot bitches in the ass for doing some stupid shit like key my car or bust my windows.
1	comeover here then bitch
1	nah bitch you like pookie from new jack city
1	y'all bitches need to sandos
0	haha, yankees fans are bent out of shape about the hu27le graphic
0	golden oreos are the best
1	jon jones just lost all my respect, turned down a fight like a bitch, hope he loses his next fight now,
1	thanks 'walking dead' bro steve for mend..usmc "come on you son-n-bitches you want to live forever" dog
1	somebody help her  bitch nigga bye you just want something to say
1	i'm ready to bounce out dis bitch -.-
1	dead af, stupid bitches still talking shit 
1	sesh with my n-words say it like a white kid yes my kush is betta than yours u are a whore so please kill yo self fool bitch ass
1	it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off.
1	pretty like a bitch
1	bitches dumb
1	my bitch won ralphy for me. thanks 
1	oh it was multiple dna on ol girl man they ran a train on that hoe 
1	this bitch brought me my food and said "surprise". thirsty bitch.
1	tell me how you really feel. those little isis faggots usually have bags over their heads anyway.
1	big sean is 5'7 and 159 pounds, yet he calls everyone lil' bitch. you the lil' bitch sean, you the lil' bitch
1	a milf is a sexy ass mom over 35. if you're 20, you're just a bitch with a baby.
1	that nigga ain't no fucking champ he a straight up bitch who not bout shit bitch made
1	bad bitches is the only thing i like
1	people talk shit on twitter but when they see you in person be looking. like bitch wtf you looking at. yes its me, yeah i'm cute..
1	lol lebron a bitch.. now that basketball is back say goodbye to sports center.. it's lebron center now..
1	&lt;--this bitch
1	im shitty but i promise u im better than that bitch
1	you better feel the love... i don't even show these hoes love lol
1	stafford you pussy
1	they be hating on my girl tho, but they wish they was the bitch they hating this song go
1	i couldn't hit a woman with a penis and pussy, i don't care how sexy or rich she is
1	i hope you get eye cancer bitch.
1	you just can't give hillbillies an audience. they'll squander it every time.
1	if u not talking bout money or weed bitch i don't even wanna talk to you.
1	and they bitch cause police showed in force.they were the only thing preventing them from getting turned in2 road kill i70shutdown
0	oregon state wr is a popular 49ers pick in recent mock drafts. draft tracker:
1	let him fuck his side hoes in peace smh wish my boyfriend would respond to my texts :(
1	me bitch im tryna keep a clean track record the fuck bruh
1	bitch gotta work all hard to clean that shit without ripping her skin lmaosjdusubejs
1	this ignorant bitch on msnbc said police have no training on their weapons. smh
0	panda express is so trash but i wanted chinese and didn't feel like gettin out the car
0	i got gatorades, twinkies, rice puddings, pringles, and cookies 
1	triple nipple ass hoes
1	hoes be having 15 iphone cases and 4 pair of panties..
1	yo girl pussy stank this tweet stinks there is no suck thing as a faithful bitch in washin
1	oh bitch but you couldn't answer mine when i needed a paccage delivered to your house so fucc off 
0	giantduck pittsburghduck yellow livestream wpxi nofliter duckburgh
1	i'm thinking he has low level ocd of some sort.... that or he's just goin full retard... pretty sure full retard
1	leave it to the bitch thats sharing her pussy with everyone to fuck up the relationship of the only people in love in the house
1	shut up fag
1	lil bitch
1	if certain niggaz can even get my bitch attention hey can have it
1	these hoes ain't loyal.
1	lol facts the baddest bitches be porn stars n strippers"
1	home fag. didn't feel like puttin up with your shit today
0	shy singer surprises and melts simons heart: this was so damn beautiful i almost cried
1	did he say the tastiest cuts or cunts??
1	house keeps passing cr's senate says no because harry ried is obamas bitch.. not his states who does the senators represent?
0	now go take out the trash . today i was outnumbered, but thankfully not dismembered thanks, ladies
0	someone come take these brownies away from me before i eat the whole pan
0	when rednecks fool around with the aux cord
1	it aint nun to cut dat bitch off 
1	your still on the side hoe , stfu
1	so i basically become a fearless bitch when i'm mad"
1	"let's do nips ahoy and spank me maybe"
1	i hate bitches. thirsty ass bitches
1	only when ur around me  gotta keep dat scent to keep filthy niggers away
1	tyga is a hoe he pooted in my muthafuckin face..... we bout to fight, bruh
1	pussy whipped
0	the knicks are still trash, melo signed for the money he don't even care about being on a good winning team.
0	my mind is so clear a bird just crashed into the side of my head.
1	i was texting a bitch
0	i've had shots go off where yellow smoke
1	endoftheworldconfessions i follow all of these retards on twitter because they're all a bunch of morons ; i need g ...
0	when you look like trash and someone compliments you
1	quit being a baby & hit that patchouli pussy
1	cheeks gone be cold than a bitch
1	how you cry like a bitch every time me other chiefs fans have friendly debates?????
1	so hot lick it, bitch fuck yeah. eat that trainer u dirty fucker
1	your ipad raised your kid to be a giant pussy. good job.
0	he's making fun of me cause i'm worried about the bird and he saying he's not surprised because i don't like splitting poles lol ugh jerk
1	yo bitch all over me, i ain't make no commitment
1	racist white cops arresting blacks again. can't wait till black cops arrest whities then hear them bitch. fastfoodstrike
1	shoot you and your shorty bitch
1	lmao this bitch high asf and she asked me "do i look high?"
0	giants vs. stinky birds sunday ...think ima make some wings 
0	crazy bird
1	what hoes do i have tbh on the highest of keys same
0	iu should make me an honorary student, id be way cooler than the other international students. i have my own football card hoosiers
1	a new breed of white girl... she slammed that bitch 
1	its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no
1	a bitch a get chalked b4 i catch feelings
1	welp me: baby i cooked bae: what's for dinner? me: that bitch you been texting
1	like fucc i got into it wit my mama, ajay, the damn lunch lady, duddy, montea lowkey, ; some lit raggedy hoe  all in one day
0	full set (except the last song) from southern darkness fest last month. who's the ape on guitar?
1	deans crying because she needs to pee peter keeps saying nigger
1	got ah tight schedule... fuck ur bitch just met her
1	if we finna hoop inside or out fucking retard that's what i'm saying let me know allergic reaction lip ass nigga
1	i wonder if mfers gon be mad i took they bitch 
1	woke up sleazy. im bout to make this day my bitch
1	these bitches so redundant
0	just 113 days until yankees pitchers and catchers report.
1	niggahs be like im draggn my nutts in 2 degree weather , out tgere frozed like a bitch
1	shit so joel went off and swore at the kid and the kid was a fucking snitch nigga pussy and ratted on him ; got him -
1	its me hoe, its me hoe" shhhhh
1	that bitch got 5 million boyfriends
1	ur no from here, u act sound infront ae me or i'll be an awfy cunt nd break ur fukin phone tae
1	bitch am dumb bitch am smarter than yo fat peter griffin looking ass
1	what now bitch
1	i hate when those little white kids try and act black. like bitch you are white
1	" we dont trust these niggas all these bitches "
1	everybody got at one bitch on dey insta tl who got a baby ; it gets no likes... y'all fucked up  lmao t
1	"why did you give birth to me you bitch"
1	i don't do nothin for no bitch that she wouldn't do for me
1	these niccas want war give me what you got wethelastonesleft umightnotgetin beerandtacos
1	johnny manziels bye-week stat line: bud light platinums: 23 | shots of patron: 8 | side bitches: 5 | fucks given: 0
1	don't even entertain these hoes, got somebody too important.
1	who the fuck made this cunt the authority on men?
0	travis always on my tl being ghetto 
0	anybody remember that movie thumbelina? i didn't noticed how flamin' the bird was until now
1	this game on some shit haha playing that hoe high had me and my nigggs trippen haha
1	why are teabaggers so interested in saving people who are muslim? does syria have oil? morningjoe
1	paint brushes over bugattis stundentpainters bitch paint me like one of your french girls
0	nobody gives me a trophy cause i'm old and colored favstartweets
1	now kindly fuck off, like you said you were..twice you sound like a little bitch...bitching fuckin stalker
1	so what ur sayin is all i mess wit is hoes? shady
1	you already know mane since 6th grade i've been killin hoes
0	exactly by folks who can't favor to get into that lovely old stadium.
1	water polo is so fucking hard respect yeah if you're a pussy
1	pretty muthafucka pull up in this bitch like
1	i love you my nigguh but your a grown ass man
1	i got hoes in different area codes
1	finger my wet throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur fingers
1	another long mornin smh...thank god a nicca out here to see it tho real shit
1	ummm...so the happy fairy apparently took a crap on my twitter and made it all...happy.
1	i be waking niccas up lol
1	lmaoooooo that bitch stripping at a murder scene my view 
1	my bad. that was about why bitches act like i can't read or like words don't have a meaning.
1	that hoe brittish got the fuckin nerve
1	; ima eat that pussy all filthy 
1	you a hoe if you take a taxi to the club
1	all i want is a 100 million dollars and a bad bitch
1	7 years later and this bitch still didnt learn her lesson. lol i remember she was the first major nude leak of this generation
1	customer service? i really need this bitch to get the fxck out my business. just open my new account and leave me alone .
1	these hoes ain't loyal n these niggas ain't either fuck ah bitch get ah bird
0	chicken fried steak it is boys mash potatoes gravy green beans corn an ice cream an brownies for after
1	when my friends are roastin my other friends and idk who to roast i'm just like wait "who are your true nigs"always da clan
1	lebron brought the bitch down to his knees chill
0	breakfast fried chicken jerk chicken tater tots white rice nd press yellow rice nd beans mac nd cheese
1	like out of no where you've become an inconsiderate bitch and i'm beyond done with your shitty attitude backup
1	why is he stressin himself this nig can be livin lik meech before he went to prison
1	ctfu u bloody but yes doe bitch ball out cracked hot dog in dat bitch
1	you are a pussy without your guns bitch as spic. your daddy doesn't even respect the sperm he drop in your moms stank pussy
0	mt: ted cruz "we are proud wacko birds". standwithcruz keepcruzing" is that a pun?
1	mary had a juicy clam, was always good to go little touch of boated man and she began to flow hallmarknostracollecti
1	my bitch bad like brittany but i wish i had brittany
1	gotta buy those anti-slip shoes so these hoes won't catch me slipping
1	bitches name they make up off of instagram filters cuh this bitch was lookin like "rise" the other day
0	just watched the llewyn davis doc. warm fuzzies abound 
1	feel like most people want you to commit and cut off all your hoes so they can relax and start being complacent
1	swear to god man niggas talk more than bitches these days
0	today's spy ops: (his soles need a cleaning lick lick. i bet this cuties sneaks smell good)
1	this is how you know lhs is ghetto.
0	to call martin baker an uncle tom and uppity because he's not siding with the majority pure ignorance....
0	they trying to hoe todd gurley, johnny manziel signed them helmets and got off but suspend gurley the rest of season
1	i don't look like white trash. i'm not pregnant and 17 gtfo. i have hella gas so say something.
1	yelling my feelings about self centered not to think for themselves bitches is gr8
1	lmaoooooo nymphos are stupid. go hose your pussy down you weird bitch
1	talkin bout the next bitch but you ain't bout shit.
1	boney ass bitch farting out mini basketballs 
1	u lookin for a boss? go get a job bitch
1	3-0-0 bitches fuck wid me
1	i'm not hollywood at all my nig, u brought me to twitter n bounced
1	2+2 not knowing wtf it is bitch
0	oreo cheesecake bars
1	ima spread that pussy out like a acre
1	 bitch gotta die 10,000 deaths.   gtfoh
1	bitches cant get the ios8 because they have over 10 gb of selfies cuh"
0	honky tonk badonka ankh
1	list of bitches who want my dick...
1	always wanted to fuck that bitch, thank you god i fucked that bitch
1	i likes me dem mexican hoes. day suck me off for 5 dollas
1	honestyhour we don't love these hoes
1	hitler didn't finish it. can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then.
0	getting over a painful experience is like crossing the monkey bars. you have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
1	hope y'all kno wen u eat pussy u one inch away from death.
1	you gonna be 33 years old with no bitches watch...lol
1	lord. sugarcode if you a hoe you a hoe i'm not finna sugar code it
1	my bitches are related . they are "kissing cousins" . 
1	i think if biggie saw kandi burress today he would change his mind about not fuxing one of those ugly as xscape bitches
1	little punk, we should send his ass to iraq for a few weeks little bitch would come home ; kiss the ground
1	don't touch me bitch i'm famous.
1	only 3 1/2 yrs till next pres. bitches bout what o-dumb-a left her/him
1	i already done been exposed on facebook by some hoe
1	nigga tyrese on walking dead is a bitch smh
1	there is nothing wrong with ariana grande..... just cause she don't look like hoe.... y'all gotta a problem.
1	happy teen wolf here's me with getting ready to bitch slap a berzerker
1	i seen a nigga dressed to impress, hop out da bus n a bitch wit a phatty, get off at his stop too. say somethin...god throwin u da lob
0	nd you kno how much i love clams lol
1	neva trust a bitch
1	bitches see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together and caption it "goals ", bitch all they doing is going
1	i laugh at this bitch
1	get on cunt
1	waiting on this wetback sycksyllables
1	well i already got some lol but i'm bout to hop in the shower and eat something real quick then i'll be on my way nig
1	you can only call the janoskians faggots if you're a janoskianator
0	view from the ghetto ain't bad, rio
1	do i fuck her or feed her? i hate fat / thick bitches
1	lmao these niggas act like lil bitches
1	put that on everything i love. ain't no ugly bitch finna talk to me crazy in my car. i'd put her ass out and make her walk
1	nevertrustabitch never trust a bitch who has a fresh copy of master p album
1	i'm such a sarcastic bitch its beautiful
1	good dick tattoos bitches like dat... talk to dem any kind of way the bitches like dat...
1	dese bitches ain't shit i get em high and feed em dick
1	welcome to dallas nawfside texas don't come with no hoe shit nigga this texas you will get murdered
1	bitches love us lol
1	these chicks use what they got to get what they want. bunch of ronnie ; trickz ass hoes.
1	if i did smoke i would not be smokin hoes out... less they gettin fucked on
1	when the day goes bad just tell yourself "were the pussy at" 
1	the girl skipping school ain't nothing but 16 y/o and just made me say in my head "bitch u supposed to be in school" had to catch myself
0	ahahahhping pang pow how u like me now shouts out 2 my bro dre hogg style ent uza fool 4 dis 1
0	i just found an oreo in my pocket... is it yours? thanks for looking after it .xx
1	 bitches be wanting to act like niggas so bad  that shit aint cuteeeee" but niggas act like bitches..
1	when that dyke almost came for me when i didn't send for her &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
1	lock 5 fat bitches in 1 room for 5 days with just 5 mcdoubles. now that's hunger games
1	ima pull up eat on that pussy n dip
1	just when i thought justin bieber couldn't be anymore of a pussy, he gets arrested in canada for fighting a person who
1	give that hoe an oscar she stay acting crazyy
1	hoe told me she was gonna chop my dick off ... she was from baltimore
1	i follow sum bush ass bitches on here 
1	i'm a tramp, ho, and a slut.
1	fuck off bitch
1	yes so you could leave fag
1	i just want the money, ian trippin on these hoes
1	my nigga bolin does nothing but win with the bitches breh
1	nah gurl this pussy private 
1	becoming a cold hearted bitch wasnt really what i planned to do with my life but here i am
1	take that and shove it up your ass, yankees derekjeter
1	oh please. you're a pussy
0	or when you're in my neighborhood you know you're in the mexcian ghetto when...
1	lmao how niggas be with the side hoe
1	"fuck 5/0 i make my own rules. suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku"
1	"you're such a bitch"
1	everytime i clean the room my mom tells me "what bitch is coming over this time" lmao what a dick
0	so this ape can get a mcm but i can't unbelievable...
1	bitch just be looking for my shit.
1	i hate messy females that live for mess... like go sit down somewhere . go get classy hoe 
1	lol fuck these lil bitches ain't shit to peep  wassup w/ you tho
0	an inning and a half away from alex rodriguez being eligible to play. just a thought. yankees mlb omg. feel an ulcer.
0	there is a time ; a place 4 decaf coffee. never ; in the trash." mommymonday humor via ;
1	yall niggahs got me fucked up thinkin ima soft ass lemme sing a love song to you ass niggah  .
0	swears i'm 1 man" easily" easily" behind austin" nip?
1	when a hoe go back to her roots
1	you got old bitches upgrade them
1	just said bye to last time i have to see his bitch ass for four months thankgod
1	bitches already twerkin on cinegram, this shit may jus be better than instagram
0	remember that fear is there to guide you, not cripple you.
1	say it's all about the hoes when it's all about ou, even when i'm with my hoes, i tell em all about you
1	fuckin' moron, snortin' oxycontin, wearin' cotton, oxymoron, like buff faggots playin' sissy dikes
1	awnser the phone pussy
1	goofy ass. lmfaoo make a niggah laugh
1	shelby your pussy is beat up
1	i'm stuck in my room.. the house is shifting or whatever and it used to be just kind of a bitch to open my door but now it's like.. stuck.
1	pizza and wings bitches
1	seriously, who cares what color somebody is? that makes you a huge faggot in my book.
1	bitches hate kim k ; bring up she sucked dick too get famous . yall bitches suck dick ; barley get a text back soooooo 
1	ha ha ha no good fat dyke
1	some rich pussy with some bullshit rich problem. (idea for an independent film)
1	the fuck mickey d's gave me... some cookies in a big mac box
1	i was trying fuck something today and this bitch want lie talking bout his brother was on his phone. lmfao i feel played.
1	bitch i will cut you
1	the same bitches that failed geometry know exactly what angle to use to take that perfect selfie
1	already know juss ordered some of this for the weekend for tha white hoes
1	oomf got the "hoes"
1	honestly it's enough bad bitches in the universe for everyone (not including dykes)
0	i drove my daughter's guinea pig to the vet's this morning. i'm quite handy with my new callaway golf clubs. sickipedia
1	i got that hoe bootlegged haha if you wanna borrow it
1	gucci mane in jail and dropping mixtapes every month and you hoes can't even text back"
1	viola davis sans wig is still stuntin on you hoes in the most classically beautiful way. htgawm
1	i heard she pops pussy on the low
1	obamas faves: muslims, black ghetto trash via
1	the undesirables  these bitches big bruh
1	i don't chase no bitches, just chase my dreams
1	don't be a pussy.
1	is the realest bitch out here
0	teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage, child labor laws, unions, is pro-scab, sweatshop work - pretty much slavery.
1	i get gwop now that bitch remember me
1	you're such a queer 
1	lol bitch you think you're classy? the fuck ever
1	lowkey i put sum of these hoes on the map ... so call me kingtunchi bitch
1	i aint nun to cut that bitch off
1	you lil stupid lil bitch she ain't fuckin with you (bug sean voice)
1	some people do shit to get shot at and then be like "people hate me, i dodge bullets". karma is bitch.
0	yankee pinstripes might be the best unis in the mlb but the gray road ones are the worst cc looks like an elephant trapped in a circus tent
0	powers u don't go outside ur tanks been on full for 2 months u anti social monkey
0	get two birds stoned at one time.
0	u look like that fat kid on charlie walker the that got stuck it the chocolate tube.
1	7 pounds never fails to make me cry. im not bitch, i just relate to it
1	you can't put the pussy on a pedestal
1	candy corn ; peeps are hoe candy candy corn trash super trash
1	my bitch cold not average you couldn't fuck my last bitch
1	glad i'm getting outta atlanta. nothing but a bunch of niggas in ; outta jail ; dumb bitches with mad kids fuckin em."
1	molly's that bitch you love when she comes but hate when she goes..
1	"i'm probably your main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple"
1	killin these niccas n i hate all my ex hoes
1	 on god i be thinking that . lol people at school be showing me this nigguh videos . im like  he famous oss 
1	i just wanna slap a couple of y'all bitches
0	bigbird was made by a gay couple. so yes, under a gop world the bird would not have existed since its creators would be in jail for sodomy.
0	it be so good to not gotta woyke in da moanin. i da only colored dat woyke cuz colored folk be lazy and lives off da white guilt
1	im a fat bitch
1	sometimes a bitch needs to struggle to get where she going sometimes. some shit just an extra $30.
1	wow so the dolphin asked her to marry him and she kisses the other guy right in front of her rude ass bitch
1	u stupid bitch
1	gov. rick scott kicks charlie crists ass
1	tell me why nick cannon bout to invite wiz to wild'n out an hit him wit the i fucked your bitch diss haha
1	i bet u john elway gets way more pussy than john dorsey.
1	loyalty now let's get this money i got u,u got me no hoes just us
1	jammer just said to me he thought "mustard on the beat ho" was saying "abdullah on the beat" this whole time loooooool
1	they trash though?
1	james is the biggest bitch in basketball i swear.. fuckin cramps seriously
1	it's about that time of the year when all the lightskin hoes who swore they was brown cuz of they summer tan come back
1	you gotta know the difference between a good girl and good pussy
1	brandon's a dumb fat chunky whore
1	bae: lemme see your phone if you dont have hella hoes me: one sec
0	the bird with the aim of dreams
1	god forbid she actually voted to give people affordable insurance rates. that bitch teabag
1	haha just kiddin but ya we should and get that fag to come and well go fishin or some shit
0	hopefully not back in da ghetto?
1	you be fucking with to many hoes .
0	my black queen dreading my hairs.thank you most high for this moor queen i asked you for.i want to be better with her
0	deep fried oreos  .
1	if i hit you wit that shottie bitch, i bet ya body flip 
1	shit is fucking retarded, no one wants to see this shit
1	my life is going to a bitch for 6 short weeks
0	must not realize how much wvu games mean to all of us "hillbillies". the play 162 games a year. sh
0	i have no clothes that make me look like a redneck but i tried my best 
1	i like bitches with 
0	iwanttopunchpeoplewho mock god
1	messy ass hoes , ain't your fucking friend
1	' i wouldn't bring my girl around nobody but leo  he the only niggah i know that wouldn't mess with any of the...
1	oh so now bc we didn't cover u bitches wanna talk shit??
1	when you eat food that's too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon.
1	your man looks terrified in that picture. do you beat him? or just treat him like a regular bitch?
0	oh but those last few that did.. charlie, wilma, jeanne...
1	fucking thirsty bitches
1	$ &gt; these bitches
0	reds haven't lost a series at yankee stadium since 1961 world series 76 08 12
1	if you don't have your read receipts on you a bitch the bitchyest bitch ever
1	hanging with daney and ari today  my bitches
1	fr 12 was finna bam a nicca he said yu lucky i jus got a robbery call
1	me to "caffenate me, bitch" because i don't know how to use dave's coffee maker struggles cleadventures
1	the bitch who just rolled her eyes at me bc she didn't get tipped doesn't listen when u ask for sweet potato fries instead of regular
1	i said i was from where stop putting words in my mouth, that's something a bitch would do
1	i tld that hoe 2 wrongs dnt make a rite now she wanna sing
1	stupid freshman bitches that walk like slow as hell and u can't get around them, hurry the fuck up sloth
1	shoutout to chrisbrown for beating up another bitch
1	hey bitch boy nigorprobz
1	grown men, wearing jerseys with other grown men's name on them.. don't forget your fucking pom poms.
1	yo bitch, i miss you too.
1	this bitch love me long time i dont know why she wouldnt
1	young bitches talk about their new man allll day....as if anyone is really intrested in that shit lol
1	bitch what ocean is this??
1	i'm a hoe for that 
1	haha i was about to say... damn i just called you a bad bitch, i mean mean bitch lmfao
1	bro i'm bored then a hoe
1	if i've ever offended you, im sorry.. . . . . . . . . . . that you're a sensitive lil bitch.
1	fam "it ain't nothin to cut that bitch off" --- vincent van gogh
1	bitch i don't wanna talk, i wanna fight your pussy ass
1	i don't got no type. bad bitches is the only thing i like" *iongotnotype
1	hold it you fucking bitch
1	music sounds a million times better in my car i love having a sub and new speakers. it's like a mini rave in this bitch. bumpin
1	hoes be like my niggas can't have no hoes... but that how he meet yo ass
0	also, its a hiccup to jihadi propaganda: they portray themselves as the only ones willing to die for their cause.
1	i dog hoes not one but all hoes
1	i love being loyal to one person fuck having hoes 
1	of the washington post to call the president ignorant i ask you racist ,angry ,bitter, bitch look in the mirror
1	cuddle with me and tell me i'm beautiful i'm a needy bitch
1	both but that was the old me lol u be havin bitches on deck for the sex or it's a new joint every time?
1	hell would freeze over before i ever let any bitch kick me in the fuckin face
1	see why these pussies need their guns
1	the bitch official though, dick harder than a missile yo
1	this bitch comes right in ; gets tooo comfortable i never saw this yo my gut all out i hate u
1	bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 12 inch dick
1	i think if i had hoes , i would tell them alll the same shit  im too lazy to be tryna switch shit up . 
1	fuck around wit me n my niggas n we'll turn dis bitch inside out
1	o u unfollowed me so i can't dm u, so i'll say it here, you're a rude cunt lmao you can dm me
1	bitch couldn't kill my vibe if ya tried. " dis why i love miley :*
1	like literally after i'm done texting someone when i don't text back i slide the bitch to the left , i'd win that money
1	the bitch who shot cj is going upstate  now he can rip 
1	3 most common white people activities: 1. wearing tapout 2. shooting up schools 3. calling you a nigger on xbox
0	watching steelers colts getting blinded by the steelers uniys look like bunch of bumblebees
1	females think dating a pussy is cute now?
1	happy columbus day even billmaher likes cocaine and columbus what the fuck is wrong with you liberals? fuckin' moron retards....
1	you about to get all the hoes now lol
1	she looks like a real dyke now
1	bitch go to sleep. you have work in the morning. lol yes master 
1	almost forgot 40,000 tweets still no bitches
0	i really need to take my rose colored glasses off though. i gotta stop thinking everybody does shit with good intentions
1	apartheid. pedestrian check = show me your freedom papers you darkies.
1	pussy
1	niggas be in that pussy like
1	this hoe straight up disappeared on me, like where did you go ?
1	this bitch is earning 6 figures for shaking ass? i'm so done 
1	if you got charge a nigga up for tryna talk to your chick, you really a insecure faggot and have no control over her..
1	tevin is my favorite sophomore i think he's so funny" hes really not. lmaoo hes a little hoe
0	luv riding the metronorth with sour drunk yankees fans after a loss... toobad metsfan queensallday
1	sydney on this hoe asking dumb ass questions
1	you're all faggot fuckheads.
1	uh you're trash. 
1	no the fuck am not bitch how bout u get out there bitch ass nigga stupid ass
1	imma bitch i know , leave me alone
1	lmaooooooooooo this nigga &lt;bitch want likes for some depressing shit..foh
1	people who play roleplayinggames are human filth and don't deserve the same respect you'd give a mosquito. they're soulless gutter trash.
1	all you do is fucking bitch.
1	if you know yo pussy smells like death why tf would you sit there an let a nigga finger you? bitches have no shame man.
1	your 2. and 3. nigga them hoes suck wayans brothers are not funny at all jamie foxx should be number 2
1	omg dr cruz is now reminding me of mary ann moreno. bitch swooped in out of nowhere and changed the dress code. no dark scrubs or sweaters
1	it's mrs. g, bitches. that's mrs. grohl if i don't know you. wineprobz
1	honestly if the most hoodiest ratchet bitch asked me to her prom i'm in dere
0	on the east coast there's colored hair everywhere. this must be the sweetest wave ever.
1	lmaooo niggas ain't but hoes is i think i'm winning
1	it's boner sunday bitch
1	of course u would you pc lemming.one just says the word nigger.the other has all the potential to reek havoc on society
0	i was informed about a bird (pheonix) today that i could not find a physical image of.all paintings.mythological or extinct?
1	i never put no hoes b4 my bros
1	the homie reallly love fat bitches  like in love
1	trust me when i say foot stomps hurt like a fucking bitch
1	how bout some of you bitches be women for halloween.
0	this jimmy fallon prank of getting ny yankees fans to boo robinson cano is amazing. via
1	niggas fall in love with an evil bitch and turn they back on they friends..... its cool tho.
0	a message for all of humanity ~ charlie chaplin
1	fuck you bitch lol
1	if didn't know i love your coon ass cuz 
1	that pussy best be shaved for the holidays
1	can you cunts go 20 seconds without talking about weed
1	when you're in public with your side hoe
1	bitch better back up, katy's mine
1	don't be no bitch ; not speak when i initiate a friendly hello.
1	marilyn monroe was the biggest hoe of all time... bitches worship her like she got a nobel prize and all she did was fuc
1	i really hate skyler like she's loaning money and it's not even hers like bitch wtf
1	girl you eat mo pussy than me girl you shoulda been a nigga that's that jam
1	bow wow look like the stress of saving a hoe is wearing him down
1	facts only the dudes with hoes say they don't got hoes"
1	your welcome my nig salute
0	paceys just told me about how flash was touching himself and he was turning yellow and black.. whatwashedoing 
1	god i would sell both my nuts to watch lebron tear his acl right now and watch all those pussies kill themselves
1	stop using the word "redskin(s)".
1	having a bitch ain't goofy. having bitch dat ain't loyal is 
1	cool cool fuck wit u too nicca
1	no matter how much you bitch and complain... america is in better shape to how obama found it period
0	aye a nicca is tired tho
1	it sad how bitches wake up being messy like bitch find you another career cause this ain't working out for u 
0	mock draft?
1	and yes.that was very ghetto and condescending especially after her miserably failed crappy school lunch initiative. the hypocrite
1	is the realest bitch i know. lol
1	bitch you hella late i went yesterday lol
1	bruh we can finally roll like rednecks (': ((drug dealers))
1	look at this faggot
0	bowebergdahl there hasn't been a trade this lopsided since babe ruth was traded to the yankees for "no no nanette" cash.
0	...and rounding out our cnn ebola panel tonight, the monkey from the 1995 film, outbreak.
1	niggas is straight hoes bruh i'ma stop fuckin with em
1	that bitch was looking for anything to go up her ass..haha
1	this bitch mentioned dr. ruff...i'm done.
0	photo: he is in sole heaven
1	bitch you watch your fucking mouth you dirty whore. i swear to god that's a thin line
1	these hoes be fucking all of us niggas. i got news for all the monogamous niggas, yo bitch fucking anonymous niggas
1	true nothing shuts up libdog bitches who like to bark at anything that's called...preaching the truth
1	i'm still gonna smack the fuck out them. they trying to act hard over twitter. haha pussy ass niggas
1	don't worry about the bitches i use to fuck wit.
1	yes daryl and michone are my niccasrt got it recorded been waiting months for this season premiere
0	ok. so for what reason did god make parasitic worms whose sole purpose is to burrow into the eye of a small african child?
1	why do i have the worst bm in the world smh this bitch the devil
1	im american, don't give 2 shits about the beaners, ship them beaners back
0	salute to derek jetter best yankee ever
1	they say i got too many bitch ... i swear i ain't got the right ones
1	maury 65 years old and still exposing hoes.. 
0	-simplyaddictedtoguys woof woof hot scally lad
1	apple sauce, bitch.
0	damn those shiner rock those bud light platinum and that ciroc
1	i love to feed the pussy
1	lastnight  halloweencostume hoe that's your work outfit
0	just hit 40 in flappy bird.
1	i feel like that niggah pac these bitches set me up.
0	great reply except it was trash
1	good one fag boy.
1	hahahaha, aw nut... we should try and capture that cunt
1	' not playen that side niggah shit with mine .omm
0	gardy goes yardy again he leads off the game with a hr for the second straight night, and it's 1-0 yankees
1	make sure that pussy clean cuz ima eat until you scream
1	24. her. when we found her she was so sloppy and i tried to drag her to the car. she was fighting back and the bitch was hea
1	real serious in ct bunch of whiney cunts
1	denzy a hoe 
1	shut up bitch
1	yo bitch go wild more miles on her pussy then my car do
1	lol they turn down to early bunch a pussies
1	in san diego niggah
1	you arent a bitch.
1	did you all hear this bundy redneck? someone should show him how niggas play.
1	my aunt said i'm handsome fuck you hoes
1	hate a bitch that run her mouth .
1	bad bitch contest you in first place 
0	big night of  hoosiers iubb big10 and pacers nba indiana hoosierstate paulgeorge codyzeller
1	dudes out here will try and fuck ya bitch behind ya back and tell you she aint good for ya its happend
1	ur a fag
1	glizzygang bitch
1	currently listening to "the imperial march" traditionally only played when preparing to slash bitches.
1	alright pussy.
1	don't say shit like that lil nig .. or i'll give you a  stamp
1	theres a bitch on twitter with 50k followers but she drive this.
1	i wonder if the hoes are gonna give halloween back to the children this year
1	today at 10am bitch do your hw
1	i dress how i feel, if i felt like a bitch id dress like one
1	1st game of fall 7s.. finna kill some hoes
1	dumb bitches are one thing that'll never become extinct..
1	fuck i'm such a bitch.
1	you know. pens for school? to cut all them bitches
1	can't trust every face, bitch you gotta watch em'
0	'2' good: jeter hero for yankees in send-off via
1	aw damn, haven't hug a bitch in a while.
1	for a faggot ass nigga that crys about people who talk about kicks he certainly makes a lot of fucking shoe comments. that's y'all man smfh
1	she a true boss bitch i respect her
1	young thug called a bitch his twin on a track. i don't even know what he mean by that but i'm definitely bout to start calling bitches that
1	my baby lexy. she is a whole ain't shit bitch in the winter. sorry ass rwd that's her only flaw. still love you tho
1	i don't love these hoes *we
1	there's always that dumb twitter hoe when it comes to sports. "i hope floyd beat mayweather" or "i hope new orleans beat the saints" 
1	what the hell are we doing with pussy rules that soldiers don't carry weapons 24/7 on base? they are trained. liberal crap ; people die.
1	i hate ratchet country hoes i'm ashamed
1	smh u got ebola now i stick my foot out to feel some freshness and this bitch ass mosquito has the nerve to 
0	that movie was trash
1	because she a typical ghetto girll.
1	if you work a graveyard shift, she cheating on you off tops. somebody else gon be tucking ya bitch in.
1	lol bitch run ya bands up.. you know i'm dumbi hate a broke bitch..... i hate em
1	when you know you dealing with hoe 
1	do i support killing terrorists..... yes. will i still mock hypocrites..... hell yes
1	yo bitch want that vitamin d she lookin desperate
1	"nigger"
1	i love asian bitches
1	just saw someone riding a bike while wearing camo, the bitch is asking to get hit
1	yes i love sex i told yo bitch being the rubbers
0	traded in my nikes for a new mic.. i guess it's safe to say he sold soles for his new life ... -bada$$
0	and where do you think unsold items from thrift stores go? the garbage. think of all the great games that are in trash dumps as we speak :(
1	the shit just blows me..claim you so faithful and down for somebody but still fucking with hoes "
1	these bitches really be out here on backpage hoe-ing  watch yo bitch she could be on there
1	don't "k" me you bitch
1	you can expect me to be a total bitch towards you now yet again.
1	i'm just matching grams wit my fam bitch
1	so many hoes, that's whypreach
1	not what i said . i want a dj to mix the track regardless for their own use the video gon be dumb retarded with the reg versi
0	i held you like a baby bird..  and now you come at me like this.. these friends ain't loyal 
1	fag
1	im not a nigglet 
1	i love how when it was airing everyone loved kill la kill but i was like "no its fucking trash" and now everyone who loved it hates it
1	so some of yal bitches need to stock up on jello to fix yal broke up ass personalities 
0	people who would vote for charlie crist and michelle nunn are why our founders did not put a right to vote in our constitut
1	that bitch hit the chick when she won't looking.. that shit weak af
1	bitch goin downnnn hillllll
1	trust me, after i tweeted that i was like... damn im a fag
0	unintended consequences of the current fed regulations. trays of uneaten food thrown in the trash, hungry kids.
1	my chest kobe getting docked 100k for calling ref a faggot what do y'all co
1	actual quote from local cop - "there are too many pussies in this town".
1	almost just said some bitch shit 
1	faggots killed jesuschrist&gt; hello but whatever. go ahead. gaymarriage yourself into pharaoh's pockets&gt;
1	bitch i need that body high do not fuck wit my head pleeeease
1	maaan these hoes be photoshopping damn you suppose to be that nigga. how you get catfished
0	y'all not gonna trash spirit airlines. i travel w/ them all the time. they even let me fly the plane 4 times. they don't mi
1	bitch why did you not fav or retweet this
0	"seton catholic where their own students talk trash about how low of a division there football team is in."
1	but i can't buy tomorrow. that's why i go hard hoe.
1	y'all be makin your nigga microwaveable dinner. meanwhile he out there eatin another bitch homemade dinner
0	reason 2 i didn't order a shirt: taffy will know where i live and he would probably find me and stab me.
1	if only everyone knew the real you...fakest bitch i know
0	pinto grigio dreams turned into moscato reality
0	asked three-year-old niece why the sun is yellow. her reply: "maybe there's bees in there."
1	ion care who my niggas date b if the bitch make you happy and you cool with her then do you
1	that other shit for the birds . get over yo self
1	i'm about my commas bitch period
1	well im sure im not fully retarded imustbestupid:(
1	bitch caught a body about a week ago. everybody catching bullet holes.
1	bitch
1	when my right hand get out niggas gon remember why we tru loyal pussy
0	rape? cannibalism? you won't recognize the original versions of these fairy tales man wtf
1	c is for cunt u is for ur a cunt n is for not sure u know this but ur a cunt t is for turn around bitch; ur a cunt
0	who needs an alarm when you have the worlds most annoying bird outside your window???
1	right these bitches be like "damn i hope i get this job at target" bitch do better still livin with ya momma ass hoe
1	project hoes when bitches get that income tax they do shit like this
1	' ima real young niggah witha muhhfuckin attitude  walk up i'm yo spot you would think a niggah mad at you .
1	you mad cuz she fucking on ya enemy? she wins cuz you letting that shit fuck with you. you can't control these hoes, why stress?
1	u on the hit list to bitch kill yo self
1	bitch wanna date the flyest nigga then be shocked when he has hoes lol
1	"hey bitch, socialize this." i love it ioc cuts constitution from hockey mask via
1	you can buy bitches/ho's etc tho
1	i love female cops they b sum hoes too fuck da jakes 
1	kobe bryant is such a bitch. grow up pussy.
1	bitch my mom didn't call you
1	an just don't be a hoe about it haha
1	belle bitch?
1	chris brown reached maximum level of icy with this hoe.
1	maybe nobody likes you because you're a bitch
1	i'm just sayin. that's my baby ; i already told you bitches.. 
1	i flex it ain't no turning down ...take yo bitch fly out of town ... ...macin stackin ready to get it crackin aint no tu
0	its mutual my lil yellow bone
1	bitch answer me lol
1	i just really miss you and i know we can drink it off and talk about all of our problems like basic bitches
1	he's bitch keep looking at me she choosing or nah?
1	high then a bitch of them bong rips, steady smoking 11 g's with my nigga jorge
0	btw jim crow laws were supported by democrats not republicans and mlk was a republican fact
1	bae made me deep fried oreos 
0	told you artprize is more than trash
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | bbw | brazilian bbw babe drilled in pussy and ass
1	ya bitch aint bad nigga, you aint got no taste
1	why does nobody believe me when i say im a virgin dewd wtf no you aint hoe
1	yayyyy i'm gonna be jacking off to these bitches all day today
1	my walmart tee's count as designer? these niggas hoes in designer clothes 
1	damn karlie redd, now all these hoes done seen your man junk
1	you not gone leave hoe
1	i already know i'm about to buy so many bitches drinks tonight that i'll never fuck but life's all about hits and misses. gotta take chances
1	i'm not particularly shy, but hard for me to break ice with a stranger or in others words i'm a pussy  haha she was so cute too
0	this isn't murica, charlie brown. rejectedpeanutsspecials
1	i spray clorox on the seat after bitches use it i ain't had that much trust in females since sam rothstein met ginger
1	awwwww alex smith broke his pussy
1	the moment when you truly believe ur a fucking pice of trash it's a lovely felling ...
1	this is fucked up lmao whore bitch which one are you? cheaters better go to maaco dead
1	you're just a pussy.
1	haha macklemoore was just on my ferry boat bitches. that black caddy
1	whatever fuck all those assholes. they're niggers, they all look alike to me.
1	fuck twerking, bitch can you cook? 
1	' you tall tree ass females be 6'0 talkin bout " catching feelings " , bitch you need to catch this touchdown...
1	bitch don't do this 
1	bro everybody is a ho then, fuck it, your favorite color is mango red you are a ho, you charge your phone all the way to 100% = ho, smh
1	lmao okay now lets address pepsi pussy real niggas know
1	see... he already know he a faggot lmao
1	cute buff guy walked in and then he opened his mouth and he was a flipping retard 
1	think its cause she saw me doing biceps  lmao jk im still a bitch 
1	i confess&gt; degenerateartist and rebelscience is the walrus who sneaks pussy in the night&gt; i am artist paints your wife with bastards&gt;
1	bitch i work 24 hours a day to protect your freedom fuck you alwaysonwatch globalforceforgood
1	you can buy a bitch erything in the world i bet she still find something to complain about
1	she play quarterback, and got a cheerleader girlfriend... yupp this hoe more of a man than i'll ever be.
1	element number 35 is bromine and it comes before number 67 ho (holmium). therefore, its bros before hoes.
1	you ever see bitches comment on a vine like "oh my god, that's me" knowin damn well she would neva do some shit like that lmfaaoo
1	lol rt. if yo bitch don't read books or eat fruits... she a hoe.
1	fifty bucks says a dense cunt thinks i say totes on the "reg" and unfollows b/c i said cheerleader. countdo
1	haha doubt it did you see all them bitches you had at the track field ? there were soo many 
1	am i wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the interrogation room
1	why yes, functioning tho are you retarded?
1	i don't got that bad of a mouth do i? fuck shit ass bitch cunt shooby de doo wop
1	if only there was a medal for that: "we hate fags, but we won't kill them" medal. thank u for the privilege to let fags live.
1	i knowww righttt. i don't even know how to use this shit. how i update my status on this hoe?
1	' i rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh , that shit boring give me a wife .
1	im ice cube, u can call me the grinch. i got ur list but i aint giving u shit, bitch.
1	grats to haye, still a bitch though
0	early bird catches the worm 
1	sexy bitch lame nigguh
1	what restaurant drugs tests hahahaha that's fuckin trash
1	"fuck bitches , get money" - a favorite nigga's line when a girl leave his ass for another man
1	bitch what? i did show up then i tweeted,dm, texted then called u and i asked u were tryna meet up bitch ur fucking weak.
1	fuckin hot gym pussy fuck yeah
1	ima knock the pussy out like fight night. 
1	smh ma niggah
1	or you know, you could just go drink bleach bitch
1	you pussy nigga, i see ya whiskers
1	them hoes look good
1	you don't know where your boyfriend is at on a saturday night? lol he fucking other bitches that's where he's at
1	i mean we have other pics of me ..idk why you chose that one *cough* bitch *cough*
1	tickets hoe
1	i'm sick of you hoes for real i got somebody that looks up to me so i ain't bout no pussy shit.
1	i hate when i upload a pic with a caption that says "me and my son" and someone asks "omg is that your son?" ...no bitch i found him outside
1	i hate trailer trash 
1	when you sit down and realize you really dont got bitches
1	rt it used to be a shame to be hoe/prostitute, with social media they call it hustling lol
1	every zoo is a petting zoo, if you're not a pussy.
1	when your teacher puts you in a group with a bunch of retards
0	rick scott takes 49% of vote, charlie crist takes 46%. scott wins second term: sayfie flapol
1	shut yo mesquito lookin ass up poped bitch
0	what's with that come-at-me-bro bird? stressful.
1	if ah nigga beefing wit u dey gon try to fuck ur bitch just to kill u slower....
1	you're a hoe ass faggot bitch cunt nigga
1	hate when my hoes get out here an start actin single smh. dezhoesaintloyal
0	this the "i play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos" haircut  yup
1	lol new kid at school... thinks he can take me at tetherball. bout to show him why i get all the playground pussy. baller 
1	more disability bigotry from the left how can you defend palin and her retards?
1	for about the last hour of getting my stomach tattooed i felt like i was going to puke. god damnit pussy
1	dont you talk when im talking, you better mute it hoe
1	irritating reading ppl bitch abt smthng, yet offer shit for evidence to even support their slant. simply complaining is the easy part.
1	now you just reminded me why i hate you. bitch cantstandyou
1	my side bitch is my main bitch cuz my main bitch aint feelin me nomo...nomo
1	be out here fighting bitches like its legal
1	litterally can't wait for this weekend with my bad bitches 
1	nigga grow some balls and concentrate pussy
1	' i hate a " guesss who just tried to talk to mee " ass bitch 
1	karma a bitch, but she can't figure me out with the shit im doing..
1	this bitch is tryna start shit at denny's asking us if we took a picture of them lmfao bitch whut
0	in their primes, mj would have dominated lbj in 1 on 1. just so much mentally tougher. mj's trash talk alone would unn
1	bitches be handin' out neck like free chinese food samples at the mall and go to bed every night wondering why they ain't
1	huh? i been with verizon for 4 years bitch.
1	that's very logical because bitches love using my face as a toilet
1	man too much damn giggling was going. he was offering $40 tips and shit. lol think i even heard the bitch spit a couple times
1	shoot that nigger bitch in the knees....
1	everyone calls me "b" they be like oh wassup b  and i be like wassup my niggah
1	spitted sprite on you? niggah with yo smart ass mouth you deserved it. ; well stfu lol
1	 bitches needa take notes
1	illegal alien is not a race. it's a crime. wetbacks
1	is "hoe by association" a real thing? yes.
1	members of non-traditional religions are all sub-human trash.
0	mark teixeira finally stepping up, hr and couple of bbs yankees
0	trash cans are always demanding new music from the gawd tyga
1	no wonder you run nose first for yo real nigger ; white devil massah's or any man pointing at another to convince u he is less
1	dog i think it's a nigga dyke i was wondering the same is the person that sing 'no flex zone' a male or female?
1	*sings* i killed that pussy she died with her eyes open
1	its brandon motherfucking reason. he's a bitch nigga
1	shi...now i don't wanna rant b/c my first impression would be that i'm a such a bitch  lmao.
1	on my way to fuck ur bitch
0	international police operation disrupts shylock banking trojan - computerworld: the guardianinternational poli...
1	i woulda jus told skylar one night 'hey i got a flight in the mornin...you wit it or nah' while textin my brazilian bitch
1	nawwww if you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn couuuuuch
1	how tf you act like a bitch ?
1	your pussy must not pop severely but im single 
1	one thing i love about russel wilson, he ain't a bitch about runnin it
1	you're dismissed bitch. no.. i wanna play with you thumper..
1	all a nigga need is money. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . fuck a bitch
0	anybody want any sugar maple saplings? i have about 50 popping up in heidi's hillbilly beach. me and emm's planted two friday.
1	see niggas they be mad and all these hoes go 
1	not. a. fucking. charge. even. as. a. juvenile. if you call michaelbrown a thug at this point, just say "nigger" cuz it's 
1	mom you've been a real bitch lately
1	call him a cock blocking faggot
1	i'll send dick pics to your bitch quick .
1	welp imma hoe again :/ she a hoe if she likes chocolate.
0	moral to the story: if you like the yanks, i'll pretty much do anything you tell me to do.
1	bitch i'm proud to be black, ur a samba
1	extra hard for these hoes.
1	what's up my bitches? shout out from your momz in cali keep doin what u do. loveit
1	i thought i love this bitch to the core
1	we all know a faggot named luke
1	you pussy if you lie for pussy 
0	that was my mock done on a simulator check it out pick your team how many rounds and go for it
1	will convince u that is a lame, you, a nigger liver believes it cuz you a nigger whore
1	i am so jealous of bitches who can squirt 
1	you a real bitch for that
1	i guess niccas think if they owe you money for so long you'll forget 
1	in2014 ladies please start being grown women. all these "bad bitches" gotta grow up.
1	stupid and ain't got hoes shmediumproblems
1	theyre afraid of being a bitch in person
1	procrastination is a bitch
1	when your at the pharmacist and they tell you your medicine will be ready in 15 mins.... wtf bitch it's been 30... stillwai
1	my name is stefanie ...  stefaniefuck u hoe 
1	i'll continue dis later. i'll be back bitch.
1	so bitch shoot me a look, it better be a blank stare, or get shanked in the pancreas
0	they were taking a picture and i saw a bird fly past and i was like, oh bird
0	two stocks to turn trash into cash
1	i hate when people organize plans and you end up reaching the destination before them...bitch don't ask me if i'm here
1	i'm fasho in that hoe then tbretreat is about to be 21+? i'm in that hoe for real this time
1	 what the fuck "killed two birds with one stone"
1	kanye west is a faggot
1	"niggas be pressed for pussy, eeeeeen nothin"
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect 
1	if i called you a bitch then you'd prolly hate me .. if i called you a bad bitch then you'll prolly thank me
1	niggas be wanting bitches with money ..but be broke as dirt 
1	lifes a bitch and then ya die, thats why we get high
1	can't fuck with a coon ass girl bruh
1	y'all so quick to say people "worship" celebrities. bitch, i love beyonc, her talent, her legacy and what she stands for 
1	tell a hoe no for the sanctity of your relationship we gotta stop fucking these woman
1	bitch hmu say she need sex right now, bitch nigga hmu saying he upset right now
1	if you pledge allegiance to the pussy
1	she can suck dick tho that's better than brownies
1	lol nicca dime game got soo much clout niccas goin to da store to buy sum dice
1	bitch.
1	damn ; fire "flowers for the ladies ; dick for the hoes" lol
1	bitch fuck you ; your dad.
1	i hate pulling into stores. niggas be staring like they never seen a bitch drive a car with rims and a system. .
1	i will eat these hoes alive 
1	when you let go of all your hoes for one girl but she end up bein a hoe too
1	ununnnn what plans? text me niggah
1	i feel like twerking  this is why yo pussy stank 
1	lol all the hoes i've been through, only to realize that i don't fuckin need any of them.
1	 damn roaches got dicks n pussy to be doing this lol???
1	i could say my name butttttttt, ya bitch already knows it 
1	you ain't gotta be a dyke to like hoes
1	a hoe gone be a hoe they ain't 
0	offensive line is trash
1	 when ur fuckin and her pussy stank but u have really good friends........... ht
1	someone at the building next door is taunting me by having a grill going at 8:30. i think i'd cut a bitch for a sausage
0	foxnews cuts away when a democrat talks and claim to be fair and balanced. lmao network full of teabaggers and liars.
1	lmaoo ur a bitch for not following back 
1	ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip...
1	aint nuthin retarded bout gucci but this gold rolex
1	eaglesnation and every eagles need to see that pic i just posted because that bitch just said the most racist shit"
1	sweet and innocent schoolgirl minami asakas pussyeaten
1	dude tell me why that's so true my mom has this friends from texas trying to hype redskin football and shit
1	bitch ass voices in his head haha
1	i hate dumb bitches
1	subtweeting little bitch "taking the high road"
1	happy birthday bitch
1	idgaf i have my coon moments
1	you pussy
1	this niggah seems really clingy... mhmm idk about that 
1	you a pussy ass nigga and i know it nigga.
1	heard that bitch gtta thang for them boss niggas
1	cause you're a damn border bunny, you forget already?
1	ain't no bitch got shit on me
1	i think every bitch wit a tongue piercing suck dick im just being real
1	my dad talking about my dogs fetching skills "i seen that nigga do mad shit, air bud my ass, air pussy" 
1	karma a bitch bruhh
1	million dollar bitch slap a ho
1	yung nigger move that dope
0	when all else fails, blast bare nips
1	so far i've only seen 3 bad bitches talkn bout mansion lan .. wtf is up
1	i'm crazy poke out your eyes, slit yo clit, you give a shit cuz i'm the shit
0	cleveland is the best team for manziel honestly the oc can use the offense he had with the redskins ; the browns d is nice wit a def hc
1	bitzy probably popped a percocet before she had these drinks with mellie. she seems like that kind of of trill ol' bitch. scandalabc
1	first thing i do when i hit the lotto is buying two fat bitches and watching her eat both in one sitting
1	karmas a bitch ?
0	my favorite shark is megaldon, my least favorite is a mud shark. they are the worst
1	how u talkin to hoes bout bronem?............why u talkin to hoes bout bronem?
1	yeah i can just tell by the weather that i won't be gettin any pussy today
1	nicca in my dm talkn bout follow his instagram .. lame nicca i now no longer follow you on twitter .. wheretheydothatat
0	doing someone wrong for the sole reason that they did you wrong will only bring more negative karma ; energy into your li
0	everybody that's still on facebook ghetto or pregnant idc.accurate
1	you a bitch
1	"lmao the d.rose adidas are lighter than my phone .... shit is retarded"
1	if you already out of school, fuck you i hate you and i hope you trip on the stage at graduation hoe
1	cc: rosemary lehmberg i'll show you how to chug a beer, motherf**ker beerfest
0	i'm not telling you to like al green or otis redding stop missing the point. just don't call them trash ; tell me you
0	so many weird people in the ghetto at this time.
0	not all men interrupt women to quibble over irrelevant issues for the sole purpose of derailing a conversation, he sa
0	buy me double stuffed oreos and you can be my boyfriend
0	u want me to make u one of my ghetto nunchucks, they come in singles and double_ended
1	if these hoes ain't lying about being fat they hiding a backpage profile some where...
1	for real. lil bitch.
1	lmaoo one nigga had that 2nd pic as "looove that pussy from popeyes" lmaoo that shit killed me
1	chief keef changed the rap game when he said "bitch i'm cooler than a cooler"
0	early morning beer as a reward for waking up and taking the trash out
1	god doesn't send retards to hell
0	the family of ron o'neal needs to sue wu-tang for that trash song they released in his name.
1	"selling my soul for material wishes: fast cars and bitches" tupac smile remix
1	fuckkkk this faggot commie
1	just like when i call someone a nigger it's not because they're black, it's about how they act. like a nigger
1	juniors are still pussies
0	best collegegameday sign ever the dak-ness is spreading charlie murphy's true hollywood stories. chappelleshow
1	some niggas beat a bitch to get a point across some mentally fuck w/ her some just ignore it ...
1	if i don't get my dick sucked at yo party by a bad bitch i'm fr gone set it off " *by *
1	this fat bitch turnt for some ice cream not gon lie i would be too
1	that was real nicca shit tho lol
1	only white trash would call slants and hindis and moslems their equals.
1	and if you looking for my i'll be on these bitches mind
1	that pussy so wet i'm calling it rain
1	shouts out to all my goth bitches
1	why is baltimore so damn ghetto 
1	lmfao right..rt you knew you was sidechick. stop hating hoe.
1	slap these hoes on the ass like we birthed em
1	y'all fat bitches with small titties look like teddy grahams.
1	happy birthday to love ya bitch we were cute back in 2012 and we still are
1	anyone and everyone can have my ex. fuck that hoe.
1	tonight i gotta take a dope ass picture wit a bad bitch while i'm drunk so i can change my avi. i'm tired of seeing this one already
1	can't a bitch living say i brought her michael kors we need more guys like you 
1	recent studies have shown that ur a lil bitch
1	cant fuck around wit young niggas cause they be acting like hoes
1	&lt;- i poked this little pussy with a stick, and he curled up into a little ball like a pill bug.
1	this lit bitch jayonna in the class im an aide in is sooo funny
1	can i bring another bitch or nah?
1	intimidated? what pussies, all i see is a sweet, honest woman, but seriously you could make this stalking thing so much easier
1	bitch fuck u maybe you'll get better. just
1	the little cunt can just die for all i care
0	woot yankees completed their sixth series sweep of the season and fourth at home.
0	commonquestioniget why uou so ghetto?
1	it took a while for you to find me, but i was hiding in the lime tree." dis bitch in da wrong tree bro.
1	if a bitch says "eeeeeee" she a hoe
1	it's not a sin to have a interchangeable bezel but when that bitch don't screw back on ... thatsaproblem
1	my dick is called abusive cat owner because it always beats the pussy up.
1	lol im off this brooo. bitches janky. 
1	so my dumb ass screams fuck the redskins in this big ass echo filled parking garage
1	but why did this bitch just follow me...don't even like u
1	the hoes love... oomf  lol
1	i'm so tired of this damn job man, i wanna blow this bitch up lol
1	and retarded. love is always retarded. sentimental
0	i said middle school days as in the ghetto way people...  and what i am nor here to impress you what are you go...
1	saw this little freshman ho with what looked like spiked dog collar (stupidest shit ever) so everytime i saw her i said "so sexy" lmao
1	mykel stay wit all the bad bitches 
1	i see bitches ain't been doing nun, but trotin ; thotin 
1	u 2 lost puppies dont know shit. leave them niggers alone u can learn something besides how they like
1	i luv when pussy smell like refurbished iphone 3
1	what a wetback looks like when he gets caught crossing the border.
0	just killed 3 birds with 1 stone thank god i payed attention in my communication classes work
1	sold weed to a bitch who's gonna be a lawyer.. bet she'll have a niggas back..
0	is she choking it i want a pet monkey 
1	errday i take chances real street nigga shit take chances by fuckin wit u nothin ass hoes sumtime lol...300
0	big red and fat squaw ...lol my hubby is so funny insidejoke
0	free bird
1	bitch you not either bye 
1	pussy x3
1	you fucking twat just start talking
1	i just wanna do something for somebodyboy sound desperate than hoe how you bout you start off and flat that nose of yours
1	people who play fantasygames are white trash
1	surprise bitch 
1	did that bitch from frozen ever let it go?
1	lets hang fag
0	soup is so much better when you have enough crackers to crumble in it to make it into a casserole
0	i have a pink fuzzy one ; a silky silver one. bathrobes are a wonderful thing 
0	we accept the als icebucketchallenge from the ; we challenge the
1	id chink you if you left me with blue balls
1	talking crazy over the internet is the same thing as doing it in person. don't try to be buddy buddy with me later on faggot fuck you.
0	baby monkey bathtime awwwwe this is soooo adorable
1	k bitch niggas
1	sendin the link to wishy washy to my old hoes
1	bitch i'm talm bout at like 10 
1	photo: ima boss ass bitch.  turntup webad wepretty gayvegas rupaulsdragrace barb minaj...
0	you wanna find hoes on here? just follow the chicks who reply with heart eyes under sex gifs
1	wanna find out the truth about somebody? just tell em "no" and watch the real bitch nigga or hoe come out em
1	put your hands down bitch, i ain't gon shoot you
0	this is a sexy tweet. with a 6-0 lead, yankees turn to matt thornton to finish off the red sox in the 9th.
1	fugly loose hoe
0	offseason outlook: new yorkyankees
1	this hair screams bitch
0	also, i put 'i touch myself' on a ned/chuck mix.
1	gotta tip for the monogamous niggas, yo bitch fuckin' anonymous nigga.
1	just found u and fuck is my cock hard love your dripping pussy
1	aight bet we in that bitch too
0	i am currently using a yellow marker that is literally called 'spanish orange' for this drawing of ; absolute perfection.
1	i be chillin wit the bitches cuz a lotta niccas fake
1	girlfriends be like.... we don't want him"
1	brag to you about the hoes he hittin and when you ask for a pic he show you some sorry ass female.. then all you can do is laugh..
1	fuck what you think. i think them bitches produced the fuck outta some shit. telling you i still rock out to the vast majority of no skits
1	you could have helped mellie, you revolving door-shaped head ho. you aren't quiet when you're balls deep 
1	work out hoe
0	stay safe out there, charlie.
1	ebola sounds like a hood hoe
1	you hoe spice
1	so scared for orientation.i hate meetin new people.they're gonna think im this quiet girl but really im the craziest bitch they'll ever meet
0	that game winning hit in thursday capped a great career. the guy is a 1st ballot hof. or else.
1	if you fucked in car before you gotta know you a hoe 
1	i be using these fufu bitches 
1	when your bro ask for a turn when you about to get some pussy
1	any girl that talk about sex on social media is a hoe
1	one deep in my phantom ghost, bad bitch with me excuse me where my manners go
1	he sound like a bitch
1	my bitch got the dope in her panties sssshhhhh you to dramatic
1	that hoe over that
0	that front flip was trash. that's how i front flip into the swimming pool and land on my back every time.
1	i remember me ; duddy was arguing ; he gon say "shut up bitch that's why you raped me "  just childish
1	my side pieces have real jobs, nigga, i don't fuck with no birds
1	blah. in all honesty.... i just need some pussy. that's it
1	good weed, bad bitch. got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt.
1	all these so called real niggas and they hoes aint nuttin but some massah luvin uncle toms ; aunt jamammi's fakin da funk.
1	ready blow this bitch down  me 3 rellos
0	brown colored eyes are really blue, under a layer of melanin.
1	if i see a bitch coming at me like this , that mean i got 1.2 seconds to get up and get right  hoethea sat there
1	youre racist against white people whigger. anti-racist is a codeword for anti-white. anti-zionist is a codeword for antisemite.
1	finna favorite my last tweet so niccas will kno i been knew wassup
0	royals milwaukee let yost go.now they wished they hadn't cause they suck.how about now.he's the guy win or lose. yankees fire girardi yost
1	i got 1 felony i got bitches
1	and i've had enough. unfollowing dat ass bitch
0	the giants trash
1	niggas can do slope intercept form equations but cant make scrambled fuckin eggs thats a lil backwards
1	man heartburn is a bitch
1	ill take yo bitch and make her everybody bitch
1	 bitch i was fukkin wicha but fuck you nigga square up and i'm fucking with you 
1	lol da nicca was str8 n friday wit out it but dude str8 uncle tom nicca now
1	all y'all bitches corny lolrt
1	 lmfao wtf kinda pussy my mom think i got, buying this shit. 
1	you're reading you coon
1	we've used the word cunt almost 3 times. its beautiful.
1	call her 1st thing in da am.... let her know dat pussy on yo mind....
1	- see, that's why ya ass never need to go out. tryna go ape shit.
0	if howard elbow bosh, will bosh fight back? don't have to got mcbob bird and ud
1	i'll still let the plastic bitch do her dollar
0	this is why i love birds.
1	k michelle pussy smell like shit 
1	group chat bitches we call yall undercover feds  watching everybody
1	...you're white, aren't you? *rolls eyes* rip to my nigga trayvon, a worthless spear chucker
1	deandre jordan banged dat bitch
1	cheese bitch chupacabra looking fuxk
1	if a nigga phone broke best believe he only gon memorize his main bitch number or the bitch that's cash in him out number 
1	nigga when from " can i get a hug" to "i got hoes b "
1	cut a bitch
1	niggas stop giving these hoes attention how about retweeting true beauty instead of retweeting these half naked mf.
0	teeth can make or break a person. you could be a 10 and have yellow teeth and immediately drop to a 2.
1	don't no nigga want an artificial bitch ... let me repeat that.... not one
1	smurf a real cat bitch
1	stop crying you pussy
1	that bitch was worried about fines? fuck you. my best friend got jumped by 6 cock suckers. fines should be the least of your worries,
1	"i'm comparing kfc to the pussy"
1	i hate when ppl break up a fight like idc if they best friends, sisters, whatever let them bitches fight ctfuu
1	all i see is bruno's bitch ass on my twitter now. wtf" bruno's all that she sees (drake voice)
1	titties nd pussy
1	bitch that's wtf i just said and its not christopher it's chris mf
1	bitch, you may have a million dollar body, but you got a dollar menu face and a four-piece nugget pussy, so you ain't worth shit.
0	at a point where i've got to make a tough life decision. ice black translucent sole or solid black sole on my kd vi's. blk or orange airbag
1	fresh japanese model toys her succulant pussy until shecums
1	was good my niggah lol
1	back in elementary school, when you were line leader, everybody else was your bitch.
0	diaval gets a pass by virtue of mostly being a bird.
1	i hate a wishy washy bitch
1	this bitch thought she could cut my dick off
1	idk why skinny bitches think they got ass cuh
0	i rescued a baby bird 
1	i will literally confront some bitch asses fo reall. trill.
1	you boney little hoe smile for the day. this is funny? :/
1	karahn jus called her future baby a lil shit bitch tell the world why don't you 
1	blow shit up and get fatter. white trash love this holiday.
1	birthday weekend starts today shut yo hoe ass up
1	your bitch got her lipstick on my dick...
1	i hardly text back so these hoes love to phone me
1	need to get outta that bitch, meridian all bad now but as long as you getting that paper you good.
1	lol, we gotta let these hoes know. *pow pow* this aint what they want. &gt;&gt;
1	one time at band camp, i stuck a flute in my pussy -spanish springs
1	these niccas sangin on dey partnas witout a grammy award
1	nigger lol thts offensive .....lol and my xmas was iite had a couple of drinks so i was fine ninja xmas ...lol
1	well, i know you like it when children are murdered, kind of weird you would be such a little bitch about a twitter list
0	good morning baton rouge. having a nip of
1	i thought you was talm bout the school wifi i was gon say all you had to do was ask a bitch 
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect 
1	i'm a pull up, eat on that pussy, and dip
0	when i throw away paperball perfectly into the trash can:
1	you was never with me if you let what another bitch say change your actions towards me 
1	all my young boys round me sayin get money and fuck these hoes
1	ion even ask lightskin bitches for nudes nomo fuck y'all 
1	"my girlfriend cheated on me so i dumped her. i'm dating her mom now so now that bitch is my step daughter." - texas tec
1	lil bitch ass
0	i gots to be bein colored and all
1	lol they tricking niccas left n right
1	he called me a bitch. and he said he was changing? do you call that changing? i don't think so. how about you go fuck yourself. pissed
0	your pet zebra. stripey?
1	a nigga gone be a nigga im sorry, ; a hoe gone be a hoe regardless .
1	because either way that makes you a bitch.
1	bitches be like "" but still be in everybody's business
1	i swear girls with good pussy think that's the answer to everything
1	the wicked witch of the east is done now, send that vile bitch to syria
0	"i found a new way to chug you have to open your mouth alot" shitallysays
1	would you still love me when i'm no longer young and beautiful?" no. ugly monkey ass.
1	don't love yo bitch, just fuck yo bitch when i got time to do it
1	i guess blaspheme to your allah is ok if your pos muzzie huh?
1	idgaf bout no basic bitch
1	ima knock that pussy out like fight 
1	love really is blind, stupid cunt of a feeling.
1	not all black girls are ghetto .
1	some bitches just have no luck with men lmao.. maybe you're the problem sweetheart, it can't all be our fault lol
1	not one single bone in my body gives a fuck about what the next bitch thinks. 
1	fuk you u stupid twat fuk upd dik suker and wipe that cum off ur lip
1	i hate a "hacked at 20k" ass hoe..
1	if my bitch fuckin she jus a thot i mean i'm tryna take shit to a next level here.
1	you a pussy hoe until you give me pussy hoe
0	germany's like....next goal has to be a header. then next goal after that has to be a diving header. let's play monkey 
1	that hoe beefing over tunchi chillllll ouutttt
1	what's the difference between a main ; a side bitch ?? shit y'all both getting feed lies ; dick
1	be sure to follow it up with a fabulous bitch face
1	wagwuan bitches...
1	coons these hoes love putting spaghetti and salad on the same fucking plate....*smh*
1	women stay bragging about their mans penis and wonder why your friend fucked him....smh ....silly, silly hoe.
1	"slow the fuck down, bitch, i know where you live" classy young lady.
1	back then hoes didn't want me, now i'm hot, they all on me.
1	what a broke niggah gone tell her.
1	ah, i can smell it,. its just about ready. *opens the oven up and pulls out a sshitty burnt up ritz cracker* my perfect boy's lu
1	if not then you are a coward and afraid showing you have no faith..just another devils bitch...
1	sluts and hoes are needed.respect their services.
1	if i can take your bitch was she ever really yours?
1	it's always anime faggots that got some shit to say lmao, you in love with some damn cartoons lol fuckin nerds
0	rick scott beating win number in 30 counties, charlie crist in 13. flgov
1	look at this fucking kaffirs hairdo. only a nigger
1	if she hates being kissed in the mouth she a hoe.tell me different.
1	these hoes everybody hoes lol go at any bitch bet u get her easy
1	you wanna hot body you wanna bugatti you wanna maserati you better rob a bank bitch
1	nah these hoes dms broke tho
1	big booty hoes
1	dez is caked up with some bitch or something cause hes not playing like dez bryant god dammit patr
1	never followed him ignorant monkey
1	you say no to ratchet pussy, juicy j cant.
0	report what u want. but physically chasing/hounding is uncivilised.. ..also in case of bansal/gadkari
1	the day i have clear skin will be the day i'm the happiest cockiest bitch alive
1	i'm about to cool faggot chill" tf is cool nigga
1	bum ass bitch u look like a hype thot ass u a hot ready dirty ho 
1	its 3am. and your man is with his other bitch. a computer. and you really cannot fucking compete.
1	if your friend is a hoe u a hoe too. birds of a feather flock together
1	no u eat it inbred trailer trash.
1	irie is a bitch for not letting me borrow his charger.
1	we gotta find this hoe
0	i still live with hope that one day a hot rich boy will fall in love with me even though im trash
0	lucky monkey
1	already going how i look at side hoes when daddy walk in the room.
0	so my light was off ; door was closed , mom walks in turn lights on . tells me to take trash out in the morning . then walked out.. light on
1	bitch why can't i retweet your shit? lol love you hope you're having a great bday (:
1	i can't fw no friendly bitch..
1	everyone that says letsmakeitawkward is a queer. justmadeitawkward
1	let me text my hoes gm or sumpin
1	that bitch is from moreno valley........ 
1	i wish i was lesbian so i wouldn't have to deal with bitch boys but mostly bc girls are rlly hot
1	everyone needs to stop bitchin about jeter... youre witnessing the last week of baseball from the greatest player to wear a yankees uniform
1	 fox8 got dem bitches huh
1	this work shit for the birds....ion think it take 8 hours to do nothing....
1	you know all these bitches who posted pics for zeeti are in the shower like jim carey in ace ventura after he found out ei
1	someone just called someone a "bitch ass nigga" on black ops
1	dont believe them hoes.
1	don't ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you a hoe.
1	this ma niggah 
0	whatta co-inky-dink: irs cancelled contract with email backup company right after lerner's computer "crash"
1	bitch i called yu back
1	haha you playin nigga i fuck bitches make money and smoke that straight og kush
1	this ho korina is craycray.
0	quan helps everyone out with random questions and computer stuff but no one can oop him grs? something ain't right abo
1	but bitches be mad than a mf when they don't know what i'm doing ; how i getting it 
1	she say that she was married well so is me she say her pussy hairy  i wanna see 
1	whatever you fucking pussy 
1	how you real, don't put no money on you nigga books? but chu buy a bitch chanel just to hit the puss
1	chocolate pussy 4. favorite candy?"
1	*rides into the pussy on a gym class butt scooter*
1	lmaooo i find this shit so funny y'all hoes ain't content with working it out with one nigga boring
1	that, and we spent half of our junior year and most of our senior year bitching at each other for being dumb bitches. sooo there's that too.
0	lewis so trash lmao
0	be my guest. i want to be a bird i think
1	some negro amigo pulled a gun on nate and i a few weeks ago. i was stoked
1	hoes be like "go talk to one of your hoes".... i be like "you are one of my hoes"
1	punch that hoe cause she deserve it.
1	almost quit today they had me fucked up.. false promises to get me to work harder that's some hoe shit.
0	hot isis social media photo: laughing jihadis get baby to kick severed head  ***warning, graphic*** lnyhbt tgdn
1	what's retarded is that i actually love my job and have a really weird passion for it.
1	these bitch been sayin they was leaving since 3
1	weazy bitch birdman jr
0	abel is a 43 yrs old beaner working home depot and he didn't want to hang out with you = major l
1	"it's a joke bitch, fix ya face" 
0	mt commission gouache tiki wahine monkey tubed surfing wavesliding waterwalker notkook
0	tbt when i took my likkle monkey jimmys
1	look at this little faggot. tell her she's beautiful as much as you can. it'll make her smile"
0	we have a project that could lead into a military program but requires a full op mock up for testing
1	nigra in da back
1	fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty
1	truth is ate yellow snow as a child..
1	low blow, cuntface. how many times the yanks beat us in the playoffs these last 8 or so years?
1	yo bitch like to get cute and go the movies mane my bitch like to get fine and go to the gun range
1	fuck all that some bitches so disrespectful they don't care. they will talk , fuck , ya boyfriend and still speak to the girlfriend.
0	my grandma threw out all of my raps. ones i made from 7th grade to now. i'm literally crying. thats all my work in the trash. 
1	ya bitches got boddies but act like they dont count cause ya "loved" each other lmaoo
1	haha you were that bitch on our team 
1	bae juss the new side bitch lingo u aint special hoe
1	act like i'm casper get ghost with a bitch
1	remember when black girls out numbers in front of shit. "i'm 9 hungry" "you 7 stupid hoe"
1	see thats all gill and green bitch ass they didn't help me get my schools either. y'all still in the tournament
1	so glad you did this i'm still trying to figure out emoticons on this damn motorola to give that bitch the finger.
1	pussy ass nigga.
1	is the bitch in the new transformers hot?
1	fuk u bitch
1	golly wompers and dad gum son you lyin cheatin scoundrels fucking did it man up and own it ya chicken shit pussy republican
0	you should make me brownies
1	the corny facade is all apart nick cannon's plan. nigga is actually a genius on levels of business and bitches.
1	ehh it was tough but yeah. lol jk of course niglet
0	car hopping is a different world these ghetto guys tried asking for my number lol did they have to be ghetto tho ?
1	it worked, bitch
1	to get with a hoe, you just need to be cute, have muscles, dress your ass off (swag), or talk a good game.
1	them women at the bar happyhour are there for your pleasure them old hoes be pure savages 
1	point that sasquatch bitch out
1	hello you are now official big time pussy
1	stole your grandpas wardrobe bitch
1	u stupid fuk head bitch
1	why does like serena williams? she looks like a tranny
1	i swear to god some hoes look like they take the same exact picture everytime. change it up for once godamn. ratchet
1	my bitch bre been ina good mood they free'd her young hogg 
1	that bitch ugly daughter.
1	when you realize bae is a hoe
1	dat mean u ugly hoe if only getting fuck doggie style  plies hot nigga
1	khaye i can't see your freakin emojis i'm a basic bitch today.
1	a hoe is gonna be a hoe no matter what
1	i can't believe these ghetto fucks left this little kid next to me. he's now playing with fucking everything. odds of his survival? minimal.
1	you can't get rid of me that easily bitch
1	these bitches love me. these niggas copy
0	charlie sheen will star in a new sitcom as an anger management therapist. so what's next? casey anthony as the owner of ...
1	i got lean i got work i got bands my nigguh
1	so pissed i forgot that saiyan bitches infio. she gave ne her ig tioo,. fuck
1	dirty pop on the counter bitch dirty in it
1	eat shit. who are you working for? you nappy bitch.
0	lmao girlllaaaa i don't like em chunky anymore.
1	that's not bias. it's an objective fact that philly fans are cunts.
1	we outchea bitch
1	dam bitch
1	dont bitch then get mad when i stop trying lol
1	im afraid of commitment -a hoe
1	bad lil bitch ain't never seen her
0	getting ready for nevada hump day real live camels, ostriches and zebras - oh my nevadahumpday 
0	thank you again mick
1	i don't fuck wit fake hoes all i touch is j-los
1	eat my pussy
1	"and if you aint a hoe, get up out my traphouseeee"
1	they are mostly restaurants. i'm a fat ho. if you have more than 20 contacts in your phone you a hoe
1	few instagram likes a bitch swear dat she on
1	ur ex girlfriend is a slut fr f dat hoe
1	jaime dont make me look like a bitch lmao
1	that makes you an annoying bitch. if you're out looking to be offended, you can't bitch when you're offended.
0	ma'am ...did you clear that tweet with the ? careful they may brand you "race traitor" for the nerve of thinking
1	i'm gonna go ape shit if there is an if uchida
1	these hoes swear boy
1	fuck yo bitch ass
1	all the bitches love me
1	 wassup pussy
1	i couldn't find anything to hold my hair up let alone put a pony inno bitch i said post a busted pic
1	bitch would rather fuck a poster? damn... thats cold.
1	that stupid bitch karma best pay up
0	today i start breaking in a new pair of docs have mercy on my soles
1	only a hoe would favorite that...
1	a bad bitch who knows her cars&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	i'm pretty sure just called that dude a faggot
1	lol that hoe for 5yr old
1	pussy shit
0	god awful, and that dude is dorian / eggplant black.
1	lmfao i found my diary me complaining about you being a bitch  tbt i'm dead
1	if a bitch tweet "i lose interest fast" slide in her dms cause she a thot good looks
1	rt when y'all hoes going to learn how to spell 
1	this like a retarded wu-tang clan
1	your relationship ended, not your life. stop being a whiny bitch
1	i just don't understand the grey area of being a hoe but lying about it. like close your legs or just be about that life
1	i'm tryna have this bitch in out soon
1	i knew a bitch in college who sold the pussy for 2-3 "favors"
1	when the teachers aid trys acting like she's the teacher... bitch please
1	alex rodriguez you lucky only the ryan dempster hit you. i going to get my camel to break your neck you son of a bitch
1	it's campaignseason, bitch.
0	can kids say much when their parents pay for everything? if he paying every bill, i can't complain abo
1	y se acab mexico wins 3-0 that's my team bitches  vivamexico
1	niggas already acting like bitches so why not get a real bitch right? hell if you gone act like a pussy i rather just have one. shit.
1	ever wanna text somebody and be like bitch die i hope you don't wake up you low down dirty muthafxcka
1	see&gt; its a fine line&gt; killing faggots doesn't change the source of their creation. which is stupid people overbreeding&gt; period&gt;
1	she a hoe year-round, yeezy taught me
1	the jews gon be laughin at a nigga on judgement day when they see how ugly this bitch was
1	if she doesn't know what "dab" means...fuck that bitch
1	yeah wtf you aren't a pussy.
1	the cunt needs her hands cut off
1	only bitch round here is the one im tweetn 
1	bouta let banko kno, i'm goin be a ronneagle  bitch
1	bruhhhh hoes ass laws had to fuck up the fun 
1	the favorite drink of white trash everywhere....
0	in hopes of recruiting more women, isis opens jihadi finishing school
0	yankees beat then in the grapefruit league the other day.
1	karma's a bitch. don't dish what you can't take. 
1	whole hoe outchea.......
1	hahahh thank you fag boy represent
1	yeah right hoe
0	oreo cake
1	i don't focus on bitches, bitches focus on me. trenttruce photography by patrickos
1	we delivering bitch
1	seeing ugly bitches get pregnant let's me know that nigga swill fuck anything with a pussy. alcohol is no longer the excuse. you was pressed
1	theses niggas hoes and these bitches greedy
1	single moms got that proven pussy lol fckd up but truuu
1	rt: i just wanna state for the record that i dont have any hoes. -
1	vote or die bitches
1	eat my pussy
1	i never knew it was possible to look like you were about to buy some pussy and still look cool while doing it until tha
1	my shit's like an eggplant baby. black and big enough so dat all da women gets dem a piece
1	what a dumb bitch
1	how about you wash my butthole out with your tongue you little faggot
1	this bitch almost lost her life
1	im retarded for real, im sitting here getting mad thinking my daughter ignoring me then i remember she aint here.
1	wtf is boy pussy ? lmao you atl nigga sick
1	yeah wizards agent zero bitches
1	kanye &gt; tupac........ "are you serious?" yep bitch keep it moving.
1	the chick who is gorgeous and so fine but her pussy stinks
1	im about to get all the pussy.
1	fuck bitches, get re-elected teamjfk
1	you ain't my main bitch so why the fucc do you care ???
1	*mormon hoes ;)
0	i took 2 "rebel vs. yankee" tests (40 questions, accents, word usage) and scored a total % of 47.5% rebel vs. 52.5% yankee in southern pa.
1	lil bitch thats down to make your bond aint got to tell her 
1	send me an emojii and i'll tweet why your a pussy
1	i guess i just come off as a bitch to people 
1	wishing i could high five whoever named a species of birds "great tits"
1	completely off topic, idgaf about that pretty hoe tho
1	bitch you better not disappoint me. madonna and britney and xtima have my new single babydontlie is coming monday
1	this hoe loud...
1	coming to the rescue of some retard licking dirty skidmarks on the internet... you guys are fucktards
1	damn this bitch always gets hit on by the hottest guys n makes them feel stupid i got called an ego kill
1	i wish didnt block me long ago for calling him a pussy so i could call him a pussy again and get blocked a second time.
1	the music stop playing and all you hear is fuck you bitch i'll spit on you 
1	that's what the little egotistical bitch deserves his head is huge for someone who gets ko'd when the wind blows
1	or continue to be a bitch..... that's cool too
1	i'm rick james bitch
1	i haven't seen that hoe
0	yankees jeter let him play the entire inning. that's fitting.
0	i think i need to watch dawn of the planet of the apes now...
1	when someone brings up your other hoes in front of bae
1	this bitch lying to me messy yess
1	"all these bitches want a baby, i don't want no children."
1	choke on this bitch 8===============d
1	wait that's noooo butt naked bitch  awwwww boy
1	girls be like "10/23/12 i love you babe &lt;3" hoe isn't that today?
1	i love dez but right now he's trash right now weeden there's others that are open
1	what's this picslip shit? if your posting a pic. it's not a slip don't flatter yourself. *stupid ass bitches
1	hell naw. i wanna see this yes loltrash as hell
1	' this niggah kevin hart couldn't sit down lmaoooooooooooo my niggah my niggah 
1	happy birthday to my little ass cousin who doesn't remember who i am hope it's a good one fag
0	this whole week was trash
1	cant handle this bitch and her elbow fat
1	the "youre going 2have 2 kill crackers ; their babies new black panthers credibilityshot fergusonriot justice4mikebrown
1	working out with the hoes
1	yesterday was an all around good day. great day. saw a lot of people i havent seen in a while and got high as giraffe pussy easter420
1	i copped a uzi but i need some bullets for that bitch
1	niggas love cuffing hoes then acting surprised when they turn out to be hoes.
1	fuck you ugly lol show them teeth bitch fuck u
1	reading the ut sexual assault case takes me back 2 college.i'll never forget d walk would say dont run trains on them hoes.straight trouble
0	declares victory by introducing "our next governor, charlie baker" wcvb
1	yasss" *trys new things with bestfriend*" *bitch who do you love*
1	lol petty ass lmmfaooooo a hoe 
1	what do you do when you the nigga thats currently cuffin a bitch dats getting exposed? 
1	well how else will white ppl get us to forget our horrific past other than to paint a pretty picture of ho
0	jeff fisher saved by the refs. that was karma, but the zebras messed with it.
1	bad bitch on my line tryna give me brains
1	all these touch screen phones and hoe u still got flipped
1	my momma aint raise no hoe
1	one man's trash is another man's wife fact
0	baked montreal chicken, cheesy brussels sprouts, garlic butter triple cheddar ; chives yellow mashed
1	its so many bitches n their friends don't like me ,,, all because of one nigga. a nigga that "i" will ;; still have ,.. 
1	*comes home late* bae: was her pussy good me: whos  bae: oh never mind
1	this bitch is raising my anxiety just by sitting next to her.
1	what pissed me off is as males we judge females pussy. how you gone judge your own get mad and deny its loose because you have a gap?
1	she a bad bitch, let's get to it right away .
1	u ain't sailor moon bitch
1	cool story bitch, now pass the blunt bitch
1	i just fucked the life out this bitch 
1	wiz thought he could turn his hoe into a house wife shedontbelongtoyou shebelongstotheworld
1	yeah chris brown definitely the realest waffle cone colored nigga of all time for that no bullshit song b that's exactly how i be feelin
1	i hate yal i'd delete my twitter if i had somethin better to do bitch ass niggas
1	sex fact: a lot of women say getting their ass eaten feels better than getting their pussy eaten.
0	who needs twinkies? when you got gansitos?
1	i was wearing bucket hats before you basic bitches
1	here i am, ready to rant about gfs and dogs and tears and women who cant handle their liquor and get jealous of club hoes a
1	people who never use any hair product are unkept white trash douche bags.
1	faggot i was in the club and there was this good lookin bitch. ..she had gold teeth tho. i was confused 
1	i was nice to the dumb bitch then she puts her nose all up in my business eat shit white trash hoe
1	this bitch is really geeking in my messages 
1	i get bitches on tinder
1	"yo bitch on the horn. tryna shoot a porn." - that's t shirt worthy tony
1	lmao take off thru, quavo can't do shit but make hooks, offset da only 1 solid but i kno niccas been tellin him dat
1	ask your boy jason keiffer is he still tryna to get his one on one and y he block me pussy boy
1	shut yo beaner ass up spic and hop your faggot ass back across the border little nigga, go listen to some pitbull
1	how you livin hoe.
1	and he whips mommy with the belt. they have not arrested this black womans real nigger yet. she got what she wanted... death
1	every chick say that she a bad bitch.
1	ugly hoe
1	come 2 henderson, kilgore, longview it dont even matter. but you dumb ass hoes gone fuck around ;get your soul taken fro
0	yeah okay let's just put a fire cracker in a cow pie and see what happens
1	sub tweeting and uoeno lol bitch
1	im a ghetto ass nigga you suburban
1	you dammn weed potheads are annoying af on twitter weed and pot are the same thing faggot
0	i'd rather follow some girls on instagram rather than have their bird brain tweets on my tl
1	this is genius  "you fat" "nigga so is this pussy since we statin facts" 
1	people are such bitches complaining over stupid things
1	alqueda doesn't use cell phones or the internet? wow you teabaggers are stupid
1	damn i hate being a huge pussy
1	you a hoe and errbody know
0	where's the part where fat amy goes err wop wobn wefo? thingspeoplesay
1	dats how u drop it dum ho ask about me b4 yu jump on my dick ho or reed about me yu cluck ass thot
1	i wish bitches would be straight up wit their friends and tell em they look ugly when they really do and not say they cute  smh
1	i have 0 hoes lmfao
0	next time you leave magic trash in my jacket try not to have your initials written on them.
0	i've also seen a lot of that "we're democrats and we're for charlie baker" ad which makes me want to scr
0	are you in london this evening? well ex-iron maiden member, tony moor, will be busking outside balham train station from 
1	it is, we be thugging on these bitches too hard now days
1	" im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that . if you a angry bird theres a app for that "
1	yo pussy ain't shit unless you had some jake from state farm in it
0	in the yankees draft room, they had a huge picture of greg campbell with the message, "this is the makeup we're looking for."
1	only southerners know the difference between redneck and white trash.
1	.we got 1, except eric holder gave them 2 the beaners 2 kill americans guess he is race blind
1	beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago
1	i often try to help someone out if i can't decide whether i want to like their insta pic like "ehh ill throw this bitch 
0	well he canonically plays the troll equivalent of pokemon... *throws the new fairy type at him*
1	pullout game trash... iyanla having an intrrvention with a man who has 34 kids with 17 women. i have other questions.
1	i will literally never get home, this shit is retarded
1	faggot read my tweets after dat k" it wasn't even funny lol
0	trassshhh them 13's that come out this weekend so trash
1	you look like ac green...bitch don't call here anymore...
1	hahah that niggah got hella checked do your thang uce. powercouple
1	everyday i wake up i got a different bitch
1	i'm dressing up as an albino one day and scaring the shit out of amaris' mom
0	up like an eagle tryna catch the early bird that catches the worm.
1	nobody is ever gonna take this ass clown serious again what a lil bitch
1	seeing elder queer couples marry really is emotional. they get to live their final years with equality and with dignity.
1	stupid ignorant bitch stopped by chick-fil-a in the woodlands to support a great business. ...
0	and of course some rascally teabagger on the radio is blaming the 19 dead az firefighters on biggovernment. oy vey. tcot p2 teaparty
1	my apologies... oh wait it's my fucking birthday bitch 
1	leap tall hoes in a single bound.
1	fuck you, bobcostas that football scum woulda stabbed his gf to death and slit his wrists instead of shooting. yer a fool.
1	bitch foh
1	you right fam. jus peeped ur tl.cmon son.look at em.he a bitch
1	burnt pussy lips -  gal in the blue throwing it 
1	where the bad bitches at? and by "bad bitches", i mean "tacos".
1	can someone show hailie this tweet?  bitch blocked me 
1	rusty hoe to bumpin 2 me needdaname
1	im allowed to trip on my bitch , she cant trip on me tho
1	dick will have bitches selling their own mothers soul.. inconsistent dick at that. dick that they know isn't staying.
1	a fufu bitch can't do nun for me but break my heart or set me up ..
1	you don't know maybe some bitches like a man in a tutu 
0	top 5 thot tattoos : 1) dream catchers 2) bird feathers 3) inspirational quotes that they dont live by 4) animal p
1	taking my dad to dinner...watching the nhl awards at the sports bar while both my dad and i bitch about this "la kings"
1	y'all's are all little punk ass bitches doe
1	me: my bitch face is on point. that's 24/7. thanks
1	people who live in thenetherlands are unwashed trash.
0	oh i'll make you some brownies alright;)))
0	dare be only one bag dat folks be suckin on what i comes to yo partayyyy all da ofay be wantin to ride in my eldorato
1	drake is bitch made for that, likes phonte so much and won't do a track over that....
1	come get yo hoe
1	suzan are you really going to make me get off this sofa to find some damn silverware, by golly you old bitch.
1	i gotta a bad bitch and all she do is bake cookies
1	don't judge me.. i am vindictive and vengeful when it comes to bitches disrespecting me.
1	2k coaches are retarded who would put a 5'10 point guard at the 3 tho.
1	if you go to the barber shop on friday you have to your charger and some snacks in that bitch 
0	wagon burner jk jk you did look pretty latino here
1	yeaaaaahhhh, like relationship wise. so i was like oh no not my reedzy thuggin, bitch suppose to thug it out
1	i fuck with takeoff nigga get on the bitch and just snap
1	i aint never had a prob with no other bitch over a nigga if thts yo nigga cool im older enough too go find me another 
0	1x - the yellow tower by gilbert claes
1	fat fucking funky nasty ass hoes
1	saying "bitch" after proving your point.
0	amazing. you know what they say about birds of a feather
1	"what i do? gotta report you as spam ladies if your head game better than your pussy"
1	it's not "pears" bitch, it's pear.
1	country music and rap music both talk about the same basic shit repetitively. cars/trucks, bitches/women, beer/drugs. guns lol
1	wussup bitch
1	the bad bitches are only bad until they start talking anyway. he preaching
1	these bitches aint playin'. a jealous woman does better research than the fbi.
1	but she is a hoe.?  idk about that
1	i hate a bitch that like to argue n shyt....:-)
1	yeah tht a bitch, we ain't gay brah. chill
1	 fucc nicca yu pose to be pullin up
1	it aint nuffin to cut that bitch off
1	niggas gossip like hoes, most of 'em bitches
1	screw the little porch monkey
1	i hate a bitch that constantly call herself ugly. that shit is so annoying man
1	movies don't matter as long as you do coon shit with coons you're a nigga
1	probs that fag vhia
1	omg yall should see this bag of weed dog this bitch like a .3 fasho lmfaooooo 
1	had to get that hoe shit off my tl
1	because i had to accept being called a bitch every time i asserted myself. yesallwomen
1	when i was 16 ; me my homies used to go to the mall to pull hoes. i'd be at home later that night like....
1	why beg for nudes when you could fuck that bitch and make a video. staring yourself and you get some booty, win win.
1	niggas will cheat and not even know that bitch name. that shit aint cheating.
1	"bitch ass nigga square up" 
1	bitch duck on whore ass slut cunt ha biden it's gucci. tho whatever. nigea
1	amber rose is one of those bad bitches who "only get along with dudes"
1	if rather fukk a bitch dat fukks eryday den fukk dat bitch who try to hol n be a cold whore n da sheets i cnt een look at 
1	you never heard "i think i have weed poisoning" cause it dont exist hoe
1	only dumb bitches r in 8th
1	as a fat nigga, i ain't ever gotten a broad off anything but the content of my character... don't no bitches think im sex
1	these hoes ain't got nothing on ya
1	this bitch in ma bed got double d's that shake. ass like trina, when i smack her ass it shake. game shake 2013shit tune hornyfuck
1	i'm the gym looking at bitches booty creeping 
1	fuck off bitch.
0	the brownies i just made are a sin
1	lol dude.. i wish they hadn't. i got a dd214 that would make a pussy like you cry for the enemy.
1	thats nate dumbass we all just mock him
1	12 lava cakes, bitches. rtextralife
1	get on your mutha fucking shit hoe.
1	don't forget nappy headed, butt ugly bitch, who's married to a muslim
1	this dumb bitch said....rt no matter what a man says the only way he'll truly respect you is if u hold out sex
0	touch my swag. wish you could. i look fly. i look good. on my momma.... on my ho
1	lassen cc , the coach wants me" i feel it youll get more my nig no doubt
1	patty dont love these hoes
0	thank you based pee slit
0	is hillary the dodo bird candidate? via
1	big ol pussy harrington blocked me again
1	me fixing my car :10,000 the fade this hoe gone catch : pricless
0	negative slopes aka a chart of my grades in math
1	google's a bitch: "your search - ann b. davis sexy- did not match any image results."
1	and stop being a bitch made nigga and man up and show up for that ass whooping
1	i don't want no philly disease lol thot bitch
1	oops i didn't mean to tweet this (yes i did). random dvr-ing is a bitch.
1	honestly, i just do it for the bitch mob
0	i'm about to post my charlie clips vs yung ill rap battle review in a few
1	remember when i said uchihas are faggots? this week sasuke reaffirms that with flying colors.
1	once at a gradeschool dance i tried to do the worm to impress this bitch and i slammed my dick on the unforgiving ceramic
0	enjoy 50% off dc tickets with our code and check us out at booth 640 vegan brownies samples ; more
1	a real hoe will never let you turn her into a house wife.. she'll let you know what it is before you start catching fe
1	 every girl got a wcw and fake gay til it's time to eat sum pussy. but i'm  not me  lol
0	when hollywood underwood took his shirt off and started screaming in the dark hah like a horror movie with the nips
0	yankees can jump into first place tonight. if you think they will
1	let me find out floyd mayweather is being a bitter bitch today all on the social networks.. whohurtyou
0	...anti american republicans and teabaggers stop forcing ur religion on the rest of us. stockman u dont pray.liar
1	2013taughtme how pussy feels 
1	yo hoe will get slayed 
1	this nigga solving rubik cubes doing magic tricks ; he still ain't getting no pussy 
1	fuck you bitch
1	dude said ice jj fish created player on 2k retarded too lol
1	sitting up here next to the neighborhood crazy bitch ; she keeps randomly busting out laughing.
0	h.g.wells and charlie chaplin history photography
1	tired of these butthurt commercials. ya phones trash b.. we don't want em
1	this bitch ugly in person
0	lookin good mick
1	bruh we was my fam, nd yeah pussy niggas get no respect.
1	watch-military monday jihadi bitches slaying: badass - a-10 silences taliban during intense night time firefight...
1	lmao i have morals negro. unlike you
1	oh, it's coming up, little bitch, and the u.s. has no veto over it. it'll be a thrill to watch.
1	look at you lying ass bitches couldn't finish school stripping on ya mind ass bitches
0	this is true... charlie clips the coldest battle rapper doing it. no debating
1	he gotta be colored
1	bad bitches from oakland, she could beeee a model
1	lets these hoes be hoes thats all we know
1	i rap that and her part of problem 24/7 cause i'm a bad bitch
1	i deadass took this after i ate a darkskin bitch pussy the other day neveragain
1	every time i come out im never with newwww bitches
1	what faggot complained about stretch marks?? my nigga them shits taste like the swirls on cinnamon toast crunch
1	this bih stay in this ghetto ass neighborhood
1	shiiiit drops you a couple extra dollars on that hoe. get her a brazilian. gotsta spend money to make money
1	"fuck all the skinny bitches" neverforget 
1	beatthehabs nyr pussy
1	always bro niggas get crazy in any weather this weather is trash" od,but we gon get c
0	raven symone's hair be like, "i'm not colored, i'm american."
0	happy birthday, bob newhart the comedic legend turns 85 today: americanmasters
1	schools a bitch
1	don't tell a girl you'll never eat pussy, cus you just lost. that means all you do is have sex, and you boring.
0	experience charlie. married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers. can you get me off? - 27
1	when a bitch gets smart and i look too cute to be ratchet
1	bitch you old ass mushroom ass bitch looking like a moldy ass toe wobbly raggedy ass vagina face bye
0	just ate a wees brownie and is seeing random cats
1	you're not right for this job. what why? well your rsum is just 'don't be a bitch dude' written on a napkin don't b
1	people asking for donations for christy mack,get real the bitch made thousands of dollars for having sex. bitch better be fuckin me
1	listen here bitches cheat on they bitch... but be soooooo hurt when they bitch cheat back.
1	this bitch said " which one are you " lmaooo i hate her
1	' don't ask me if i'm in my " feelings " cause i ain't no bitch i don't got those tf . i'm sad , not in no fucking feelings .
1	you girls be 13 talking about "i hate sleeping alone" .. well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear.
0	jindal seemed to be having an out-of-body experience enhanced by special brownies bj up and at 'em stribpol mngop
1	mayweather a lil bitch this nigga out here dancing
1	yall females really be cool with cuffin hoe ass niggas  nope. couldn't be me.
1	ill fuck you til you love me faggot
1	in fucking mexico bitches
1	today the day bitches let's turn tf' up 
1	karma sure is a bitch. lol
1	hell naw fuck them bitches serves them right
1	100 days til christmas bitches
1	i love fuckin wit people. i be givin greedy ass nigas old as crackers wit expired cheese dey be callin me like nigga im shittin likea goose
0	man talk to em of course nothing is wrong with applebees if you like trash food.
0	means trash lol
1	actually, i take that back  you niggas ain't loyal" im loyal fam nah negro nah
1	you know my motto "it ain't tricking if she's worth it" but fuck first, trick later depending on the potency of the pussy.
1	ya bitch pussy good i ain't heard it .... i been in there 
1	nope not at all but i'm stuck in a house full of fucking niggers help me escape 
1	"rt it for me. please and thanks did a pierced pussy just come across my timeline "
1	precisely soon as y'all break up is when she starts doing the shit she swore she'd never do like being a hoe
1	fat dykes make me want to vomit
1	bitch i'm not concerned about you.
1	come draw and paint with me niggah
0	this is crazy no rb picked yet. a rb won roy 2yrs ago rb was mvp. ppl 4get how important our position is. this is insane ho
0	edm music is trash af and annoying
1	faggot alert
1	booty wop sided as hell
1	bitch stop harassing me
0	only retards and dads roll lawful good.
0	can i double stuff your oreo?
1	i impress da young white girl next doe by taking out my giant negro thang and usin it to flip da hamburgers for da koolqueeftribute
1	fitted girbuad straps? them bitches would be raw as hell.
1	photo: seriously  all my friends are hoes. its so funny. getyourlife 
1	-not every nigga is pressed for pussy.......specially yours.
1	i dont give a fuck what my ex is doing... bitch isn't my problem anymore
0	so was slavery, prohibition and not letting women to vote... segregation jim crow laws.. etc etc i can do this all day lol
1	stop being mean, bitch ))))))):
0	 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope --top rated spa 718-622-0221 - 24
1	" now i know why niggas have sides, my bitch boring "
1	she walks away? what a pussy.
1	there is a gift shop at the 9-11 museum? and they charge admission. it's a mass grave you fucking cunts. what a disgrace.
1	damn these bitches in middle school look grown af in these nudes
1	love females but hate bitches
1	not to call you a bitch ... but they gone hate on my bitches
1	he got channing tatum as his bitch,i'm out
1	virginia is full of white trash.
1	suck my dick tacos el negro better
1	momma said no pussy cats inside of my dog house.
1	kim kardashian look like a tranny with all that surgery
1	dammit now i'm the only one with a fucked up tranny....
0	home coon
0	rev. charlie rangel: what unions stand for are spiritual damn things like inflatable rats.
1	im soooo over having a bitch it aint even funny lbs....
1	you can be a good girl all you want and those hoes still gonna get us niggas attention from time to time
1	in a relationship with the idea of you - girls with trash love lives
0	quote of last night, telling me to find her a curved stick and she'll make a crossbow to shoot a bird down
1	pussy.
1	that bitch gonna get a rug burn
1	heard you gotta new bitch. see ya postin' up thinkin' that it's making me sick.
0	"i'll slit your throat-neck"
0	amen on this tweet. 105 mm rockets from victor charlie leave a lasting impression.
1	sometimes i'm just like wow this bitch had the audacity to talk shit .... look at you and your life then look at me and mine 
1	you a faggot if you eat pork chops."
1	karate bitch
0	man im glad im around to see the redskins go to the playoffs considering it only happens once in a lifetime redskinsblow
1	*when bae sings "it ain't nun to cut that bitch off" with too much enthusiasm*
1	these hoes ain't loyal."
1	lol foreal yo lmao, i fucks with ; real talk, them bitches know h ...
1	fat chance you'll ever catch me drinking a beer same bitches
1	these bitches dont want no boyfriend ... they want a pimp
1	bitch took flight 
1	who wants to be 600 follower? follow bitches cruze2014 pittsburgh
1	you niggaz get so emotionaaaal, you remind me of my bitch
0	yea buddy a lot of nba trash talk going on
0	nope. super chocolatey yummy brownies.
1	fuck her pussy  fuck her mouth  fuck her ass  cause she nasty
1	lol his matches from the early 90's when he was ic champion the bitches really would go ham
1	nooo.. not sailor moon and squad "in the club w/ all my bitches lookin good."
1	"pistol whip my dickau, shoot yo bitch club up." sometimes freestyles be freestyles. and i'm okay with that.
1	been schooling these bitches since 92'
0	i would went in on that ref hell, with a post game interview saying he called me sad and trash.
1	i kno it's upside down cunt
1	when will you guys leave that childish pussy alone? get that sophisticated pussy.
1	i got bitches on my dick they just ain't here yet nigga
1	"i call him my bitch"
1	if her bio says "only god can judge me" she's a hoe.
1	now we have a ebloa case in texas. if we kill all the niggers we might be safe.
1	lowkey have no hoes and my life is an l
1	there is no cure for ratchet. it has to run its course in these bitches.
1	helga was a bitch.... and for what reason.? heyarnold
1	"fuck you you pussy ass hater go suck a dick and die quick" - someone, to me, in youtube comments. i think we'd be good friends.
1	a sideline bitch will tell you everything you need to hear if you just listen. she ultimately wants your man she dgaf a
1	if a nigga in nap can fuck my bitch that mean she lame for fuckin a lame.... all deez niggas here corny asl
1	those god damn bitches smh run away
1	it's birthday i wish you many big booty hoes mane. shit ima turn up for your birthday too
1	yes bitch, your a fucking square
1	now he apologizing. lol fuck that hoe and her shot up pussy
1	too many bitches not enough queens
1	all the bad bitches are in the gym between 9-1 u know why they ain't got no job
1	pussy still taste like mcdonald's fries. i eat pineapples everyday they so good 
0	where all my fans?? ny yankees victoriasecret fitness
1	argue to make up. not to break up ; get back together that's retarded in my eyes
1	my bitch bad, she from the islands.
0	hot isis social media photo: laughing jihadis get baby to kick severed head  ***warning, graphic*** tcot pjnet
1	call when you grow up. if you live that long. sorry for parents with such poor skills they got you old bitch"
1	im a boogie ass niggahs to these fast hoes
1	c'mon pussy
1	i don't splurge around no hoe no i don't shine in front of no bitch cus after she get off my dick i be like "find the front 
1	anywere la = palm trees and great weather any were else = horrible weather and no bitches
1	if you're a whiney bitch, have a zima and shut the fuck up democrats
1	here this nigga go damn dark skinned hoes be havin all that ass but be lookin like pokemons 
1	this bitch tryna eat peanuts i'm tryna eat steak an shit bitch don't know nothing about grindin
1	when lil wayne said "why give a bitch your heart when she'd rather have a purse"
1	bout to unfollow all the bitches i follow currently and follow all new bitches. i need change in my life and i feel like that's a good start
1	am i the only one tht see these hoes pattern. they stop tweet for 3 to 4 weeks and come bac with the same love tweets bout 
1	niggas madd gay teachers giving niggas pussy and they snitching. incredible
1	bitch
0	"they have to. that division is trash saints gon win the nfc south...watch"
1	arod like ugly bitches that like to fuck
0	..its all about you and white conservative teabaggers. you all make the world go round. please be our rulers.....stockboy
1	eatin the pussy right and she push you off &gt;&gt;&gt;
1	i got hit on today i'm back, bitches *dies*
0	lou gehrig had 17 hand fractures in his career. played in 2,130 straight games. ironhorse yankees
1	ya bitch aint bad nigga, u aint got no taste
1	shrug. maybe it's a canadian bitch thing
0	you know what they say, the early bird gets the worm. *puts gummy worms in your morning coffee*
0	rip tom foley rip greg sikorskey rip charlie anaya rip wells crowther rip andy fredericks
1	illist bitch alive
1	you working today faggot?
1	and stop covering yo goddamn face like the kkk. yo yung silly ass co signing for pussy.
1	wow well aren't you just a fucking cunt :)
0	hey u just followed me not long ago. gonna nip that in da bud. like ur bio tho. u know the white devils stole our our
1	i hope i trip and fall into some pussy, tunechi
0	"your teeth are like the stars." "aww thanks" "yeah... yellow and far away from each other."
1	hell - was lucky to have gravel - dirt roads were a bitch
1	purple ; pink....for the faggots who want to be protected...by the police, instead of bearing arms if need be
1	aight game over. dykes had to ruin it
0	oh, well turns out that baby aint mine *does jig*
1	"work" - gets me through those rough days hahaha hoes
1	thinking bout gettin 500$ put on my ears cuz i'm getting money bitch
1	porch monkey 4 life randell
1	always broke niccas how yu robbin
1	jj watt was on his grown man shit all night.. now let's get it yankees
1	i'm at home throwing up taking care of my kid. yet i'm a hoe? oh. oh okay.
1	i would def call dwight a cradle robbing faggot if i were kobe.
1	i want a baby but im young and retarded so no
1	did i just start crying?  bitch 
1	i hate seeing a nice fee wit a weak nigga .. be like girl yu retarded r sumn? uon know yu cud have me?
1	elizabeth is a stupid hoe
1	yes lawd god took extra time on you... "you have lips like kylie jenner" ...bitch i'm black
1	we been passed dem niccas yrs ago fr
1	you got that pussy nigga disease ain't no curing ya
1	' it's just me ? or do you not want nobody else texting/inboxing/kiking/dming/snapchatting/emailing/ yo girl or niggah ?
1	if you tell her the dick good she gone wanna try, tell her it's wack she gone wanna see for herself. a hoe gone be a h
1	dark skinned girls with blonde hair need to stop it. the only bitch that can rock that is dijonay from the proud family.
1	youu got wild bitches tellin you lies
0	when charlie crist said "rick scott, just too shady for the sunshine state"
1	tellin me im disrespectful but i aint the one callin everybody a bitch for free
1	damn my niggah side bitch got him making her a sandwich 
1	not 1 bit of courtesy from any of these bainbridge isl. ferry riders... fuck em next time i think s gonna "break down" paybacks a bitch
1	damn girl u is a straight hoe
1	the elite call conservatives "our niggers" behind closed doors. tcot teaparty
0	glenladen got life flight to osu and they are saving him, don't mess with the birds respect
0	first jig of the night
1	i would never be with someone that's afraid to tell niggas and bitches we're together. i look like a secret? fuck outta h
1	regrets are for pussies. shit happens, deal with it
1	1) a real nigga would never be hurt and crying over pussy they didn't get for two years. what kinda gay shit is that?
1	crangrape &gt; good pussy
1	i made that bitch lunch. bitches love lunch.
1	like stop being a bitch for 3.2 seconds.
1	yes i'm white washed because i don't go around repping my hood and saying a bunch of ignorant nig terms.
1	suck my dick bitch not only are you terrible. you are why hip hop is dead
1	i'm snatching all your bitches at my leisuuuure
1	aww man we had a ball. small lil affair. set that bitch out
1	my timeline looks thirsty bc all you basic hoes keep talking bout the same nigga that don't matter ctfuu
1	big greenmile tweetin ass nicca
1	still blaming bush? fucking retard
1	lmaoo bitch what?
1	you know how many hot bitches i own?
1	i wanna cut my hair but i'm too busy being a bitch about it.
1	my bitches cleaning
1	i'd rather have a flat bitch then a bitch who cheats
1	all the bitches happy maybe one of his female friends can find him a bitvj
0	trash
0	there should be a side trip into dc to charlie palmers during cpac
1	bitches at rick's in justice tank tops tho
1	bitches tweets be like... "i wanna suck some dick " then be like... " chill it's just a song " bitch what song is
1	i don't hate the japs. but, i aint forgetting gettin japped either.
1	wanna know if a bitch hygiene up to par. wipe behind that bitch ear and put it to her nose. if she flinch.....you got ya
1	bitch i didn't even know you, i was only fucking with real niggas and damn sure wasn't one of them
1	free my niggah c4
1	even these pretty bitches mad self conscious, if that instagram pic don't get enuff love it gets takendown
1	if i become president, everybody's on lockdown. i'm gonna run this bitch like a penitentiary.
1	bad bitches and good weed
1	you'll make the team, them niggas trash. lol
0	naw i juss like making you a lil mad  i have been gone for too long tho i hate the boonies
1	these hoes ain't loyal [i would know cause i'm a hoe] but my fans damn sure are - real
1	real shit bro yo hoe told me if smoothie king had straws i ca fuck
1	i was heartbroken tx inniz ho. lmao haha naw chill, you the one laughing at vdawg
1	i'm not the type to fight no bitch over a nigga im the type to say fucc that ; take his bitch 
1	he is really on my line singing negro spirituals..
1	you're filled with pimps and hoes. we'll just talk about those i knows.
1	next you could ask the grand wizard of the kkk why so many are intolerant this poor soul's views. cunt tcot frc p2 foxnews
0	colored contacts
1	back to these hoes tho.
0	cheating on a good woman is like eating out of the trash instead going out for steak. truth
1	there's gotta be like 20 white trash motherfuckers living in that house and i don't think any of them have a job
1	inde jus got me all hype at work i knew my bitch candace ain't die
1	wow lmao bet not ever come to my house again dirty bitch
1	lmao madonnas music sucks? yeah you're fucking stupid if you think gaga is better. retard
1	i think i killed a chipmunk but that son of a bitch was fast. i need to check my tires.
1	show a lotta love to my sisters tho but these bitches so predictable. im in trouble
1	y'all be dick riding and praising these hoes that's why half of miami feel like they celebs off this social media shit
1	like what u bitches wantttt (dmx voice)
1	how you gonna use my name while you talmbout pussy tastes? lol
1	no more chunky nugs for you  he doesn't even hook it up like that.
0	she literally just put the whole trash bag on lmfao
1	fuck it hoes will be hoes.
1	dodging these hoes like
1	i loved her as much and as long as i could ma niggah .
1	as a man ... i feel like you a bitch if you living off a female . havin her buy all yo shit fucc that never be dependent on someone
1	i'll fuck a bitch real quick
1	article is flawed. took my first chp with brpd. was well done. even had 2 ghetto gals with a jammy hi-purnt 9 but well done
0	b/c she likes black men and rap music? huh lol in general she wants to be colored
0	like some of the "worst" lyrics they post are beautiful but just because they don't know what they're talking about, it's "trash"
1	pussy pussy pussy marijauna wannnnaaa
1	i dont give a single shit who you are, if you wear a suit and white cotton socks i am just going to assume you are functionally retarded.
1	dont even trip my niggah i got you lol
1	gotta question the nicca standing next to you cut em off
1	i make the pussy cringe
0	a ghetto girl's best bet is to find work at a call center and try to climb that corporate latter.
1	bruh u such a pussy just talk
1	if you ask me, every bitch gay not me i'm all sexual
1	i hate when bitches be like "deeper, deeper" bitch what u thought i had some spare dick in my back pocket i was saving?
1	karma is a bitch
1	they hating on you, because they know you bad, must be doing something right , if you got these bitches mad.
1	lmaoooo when you break up with your bf and you gotta pull out your old hoe moves like
1	y'all be cool out there in that cold chasing them hoes 
1	niggas be pressed 4 pussy it ain't nuthin instead of worrying who dat bitch fucking why don't u get chu sum money
1	when hoes be sayin they sexually frustrated or need some dick
1	 okay but i'm the shit hoe.
0	fitzpatrick is trash bruh
1	so ur faggot teammate hits someone late like that and u say he's yapping and yelling, u guys def 69 in the room
1	naw he should drop that bitch off in south dallas with the rest of the homeless dogs
1	fck you nigger lol jk bra
1	my wigga ryan gosling knocked up eva mendes swag that man the fuck out
1	arguing over a bitch with a glued on butt
1	i want it to be somewhat of a collage .. money jewels cartiers etc .. jus little shit to let niccas know we still here
1	happy birthday nicca do coon shit in a responsible way.
1	i really hate when hungry bitches put dick between friends. i swear yall should get beat the fuck up. ill show you friends.
1	inktober twentysix gouache mt snappy pappy and his bitch 3.5x2.5" good thing sable paintbrushes
1	i hate a "i'm pregnant" type of bitch."
1	kissing that bitch but she sucking me
1	fuck these hoes im gone 
1	fat hoes. belly shirts. die now.
1	damn where you on house arrest at ? ; yup in tht bitch like 
0	yankees i went to golds with cruz in 2010 when he was a sound. no upper /lower body strength.. hmm now 40 hr hitter. won't say the s word.
1	i say smash the panomera i buy a new one hoe
0	it's scientifically proven that no one can not cry at least once while watching charlie st. cloud.
1	join my crew bitches
1	would you drink with a nigguh? do you smoke weed?
1	this bitch said i look like the type to do a lot of cocaine 
1	viva brazil niggah lol
0	how is angry birds the movie going to work? they're just floating bird heads?
0	 watching a bird poop on your car after you just got it washed
1	you hoes ain't worth losing sleep over
1	apologizing in advance for my actions, i'm thee biggest bitch when i'm studying 
0	oreo ice cream cake
1	bitches love niggas that got bitches
1	ay yall heard that rich gang tape thou?? that bitch on flame
1	you're the biggest cunt i know
1	trash black people only play r;b ; hip hop at their parties..play some dubstep and house..yall coons need to expand
1	my bitch look like a black barbie n nigga imma ken doll breath smellin like filet mignon and menthols..
1	i just realized me and have been talking shit to each other nonstop for the past 48 hours. stop texting me bitch.
1	dear whores: don't tell me i can't dance when the only dancing you do is open your legs and shake your ass like a video ho to shitty rap.
1	aye the part be treating the bitches too good 
1	fucking christ i hate tutors and tas. you literally get paid to teach retards to stop picking their nose. get the fuck outta my face
1	hey aklve im taking out the black ghetto trash. youre blocked nigger
1	makeup be saving alot of these bitches from being single
1	nigga i got pill poppin bitches in the backkkk, of the cherokee
0	iggy is trending. twitter's trash today.
0	jihadi patron hajjaj al-ajmi is arrested at kuwait airport
1	is lupe fiascos retarded illegitimate son
1	she said she aint tricking off on them hoes...lls...foolish
0	ps3 and case is still in the trash can. idgaf anymore
1	rt i hate when people get on my bad side cause i honestly don't like to act like a bitch
1	my timeline right now ravens  ravens  ravens  commercial tweet  ravens  ravens  ravens  ; some bitch talkin ...
1	lil bitch
1	you know idgaf about a woman's lingerie matching when i love hairy pussy so much  
1	my nigga got me hanging out with his fat catfish bitch smh
1	omggggg... nigga said jerry ... black bitch.
1	i'd rather be from a rancho then live in ghetto ass urban areas with niggers and nigger impersonators. adopting ni
1	smoke sum bitch
1	so i seen this sweater , its flashy. i wanna get it. i gotta get it. it say "my boyfriend is my bitch, with some puppies" 
1	oh well. he's a fag anyways.
1	yall fucking trash boyy gladbagflow
1	this my bitch please face
1	how i'm supposed to know you not just a butch dyke if yeen got a beard, my man?
1	always my hoes skinny who are losing money due to therapy bills
1	uh oh control yo bitch if you don't want her in no shit. it's that simple
1	to lay up w my bitch
1	till michonne gutted dat hoe
1	wow.... a bird just shitted on me
1	what would u do? ..  that bitch down the stairs
1	basic bitch no chill 
1	every real nicca need a real bitch jayfacts
0	is it ghetto to grease yo scalp at work
1	bitch ass nigga
1	uhoh you got the hoes lol y'all i found this letter on my car. naaah
1	it makes you a nigger fucking a goat.
1	flavaaaaa in ya ear, that hoe live lol
1	wake up you little bitch and follow me
1	one thing u can't get me to do is trust a bitch
1	n i'm so tired of hearing *he wouldn't do it for u * ol bitch he wouldn't have too my people dont play on my end
1	white girls, if your black boyfriend doesn't call you 'shawty', then bitch you ain't that special.
1	yall really expect a 40 yr old nigga to still rap about raping hoes and killing his mother? nah
0	new bus stop. guy across the street is yelling and doing david lee roth kicks at swooping crows. i should learn karate.
1	going as candace for halloween lmao ugly bitch
1	i did everything except trust these hoes
0	uncle charlie and nem lol
1	hoes be calling hoes, hoes, when they know they just as much of a hoe as the other hoe they calling a hoe.
1	ion sneak diss on broke bitches 
1	if i was a top tier mc i would publicly announce that the point of my tour is to have sex w/the baddest bitches of each cit
0	the value of abu qutadas statement is that his credentials in jihadi circles are impeccable. hes facing trial on terrorism charges.
0	charlie strong will have texas back as a power better power of big 12 is anybody's now
1	i need a new bitch
1	she has cancer ; is still killing half you hoes jus cuz you have cancer dont mea
1	just smile, bitches love smiling :d
1	bitches bow down
1	it's parseltounge, not basilisk you fucking pussy. get it right.
1	drunk bitch used to eat my ass its relaxing
1	don't trust these hoes
1	you're wearing my sweatshirt in your snapchat story hoe love you tho lol
1	cruising in my go kart at walmart selling cupcakes, go ahead admit faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape~
1	"i hate that hoe already"   this shit cracks me up
1	bitch stop takin my shit ooo i hate u u dumb bitch
1	at my club ho (;
1	you hoes need to stop dressing y'all kids as migos and rappers that y'all fucked. lil nigga just wanted to be a power ran
1	*loud jamaican horns*  then why u still single? yall find the ugliest hoes attractive.
1	tires fly when i mash the gas... my motor hot and these hoes fast
1	why do some scandalous niggas and hoes hate on a happy relationship? just let them be happy together, fuck
1	but if we loved again, i swear i'd love you right. btw bitch you better not be googling these lyrics mine is from the &lt;3
1	dawg oriental flavored noodles go so fuckin hard b lmfaoo fuckin coon. smh
1	niggas wait in line for jordan releases, puttin they life on the line, jus to impress some bitches
1	im hardly on this hoe anymore lol
1	jtfooooo at "pussy on fleek"
1	everyone report for being a huge faggot
0	i like my gross yellow heat lamps. why?
1	chael p suplexin motherfuckers on their domes and shit
1	i'll be a bitch if i have to. i don't like to be, but f*ck with me and it'll happen.
1	' with my bestf shyanna pen and ma main niggah ronnie a. jackson iii  movie bound after we pick up the homies
1	leave ya kids unattended cause u wanna "turn up" i hate u fertile hoes
0	dc fri 1/3: bengali harlem ; lost histories south asian am reading/convo 14th st cc:
0	a random am scroll lands me here...rt charlie horses durin sex just simply means you didn't drink enough water that day
0	adorable tiny monkey showering in a sink is the cutest viral video you'll see this weekend
1	preach ugly girls are the way to go man. nobody got time for you pretty hoes
1	wtf? this bitch sounds retarded
1	pussies wanna use "royal icing" for their gingerbread houses...fuck that...ima use my homemade cream cheese frosting.
1	she used to fuck wit a$ap, too shortsaid he know that bitch from way back
1	charlene crave colored cock
1	that's my nig nog
1	when lil b said word around town that i aint got no bitches? what? thats a damn lie nigga my nuts is my witness
1	like buddha gives a shit about obama or some other fuckin' nazi fuck socialist retard with a fuckin' iphone. don"t make me laugh&gt;
1	bitch ass nigga, be hating on black women... uncle tom bitch punk.
1	you dumb bitch you think i work for free
1	sweetheart to a lady but i'm hard on a hoe 
0	i love how we can marry and still be the same queer, messy, funny, fabulous, dramatic community we've always been. why i love us.
1	showin more love to bitches fucked on the side
0	interesting hick
1	bad bitch selling molly i might take one
1	damn faggots.... tcot
1	kanye might be the first nigga to successfully save a hoe.lol this a original . tweet
1	oh shut your mouth i was talkin about the morning you fag
1	hoe stfu
1	how you unblock bitches on here?
1	iite peyton dont be a faggot this drive
1	shego was the baddest bitch of my childhood
0	yankees didn't want russell martin, so he signed with the pirates 2 years ago. pirates have made back-to-back postseasons
0	bae won his game  redskins
0	happy hangover bloomington btown iubb iu indiana hoosierdaddy hoosiernation hoosiers the resurrection is now complete. ncaa big10
0	flappy bird instead of studying? sounds great. flappybirdisruiningmylife
0	i only rted alex ramos aka trash to gain followers vote5sos
1	yup and now we pickin you white bitches bare like a chicken leg
1	if yo nigga catch you cheating, and beat yo ass in front yo lil yeah, and lil yeah don't help. you still give him pussy ladies?
1	lmao you gotta chill you bitches still fat
1	bryant must think he's so cute going out w his stupid ass friends and leaving me here but watch when he gets back  lil bitch
1	this bitch took her damn eye out like it was a contact 
1	dat bitch gotta lay on her back to pee
1	man i would be happy as a fat bitch in chipotle if atlanta get clowneybut its gone cost to go get him and i'll be happy w
1	when tupac said "i ain't a killer but don't push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy"
1	like real shit dude da closest nicca i done seen to ai
1	bitch smd
1	you nigguhs glorifying pussies
1	hoes? i got several? they 10's or better 
1	my main bitch and my side bitch mad at me but i could give two fucks twofucks 
1	i don't fuck with these niggas cause they shady i don't fuck with these bitches all they want is to have my baby
1	pussy
1	fuck a hoe, respect a woman, love a lady
1	damn girl i'll be your porch monkey
1	never catch feelings for a dumb bitch.
1	why can't you be humble like your moms and not hoes
1	this party goin be off the chain/bad bitches only
1	hoes* are more fun
1	ihate them mad bitches where the glad ones at?
1	hahahaaha my teacher just realed these thots. she said "you need to stop acting ghetto cause its not cute"
1	hit that bitch with a reality check. bitches love reality checks.
1	to u bitches who have upside down default pictures, die. nobody has time to flip they phone around to see if u even uglier
1	overtime bitches.
1	' don't sleep on ma niggah chood  
1	katy and clear lake hoes
1	did that bitch ever get out of ludacris's way?
1	bad bitch give me head like lice .
1	pull up on my ex make that bitch mad
1	i can just set that hoe on fire 
1	people person so you know lil gabby got hoes 
1	dumb bitch
1	bitch go play dead
1	my expectations are high when it comes to anything. my weed my pussy my food,my clothes n kicks, people. that shit needa be a1 to me
1	niggas be in your messages like  ; be on twitter like fuck bitches come on nigga which one you gone be drake or
1	used the dollar menu ; spectate at the mall. but now i'm buying that bitch out cause shit i want it all ....
1	gettin drop top dat hoe
1	you love these hoes more then money wats wrong these niggas"
1	hit the bitch nd forget the bitch, but i left my kids on her fuckin face
1	smoking brooklyn got me high as giraffe pussy
1	ion feel dese nihhas or bitches...300
1	real nigga speaking you sound like a bitch
1	2 hoes 1 dyke
1	as of today im cutting muthafuckas off bitches/niggas that never show love or just temporary people iont need um
1	my cat is fighting the street cat carry through the glass in my room. what the hell. stfu pussies
1	i wish my parents bought me a car man.. people bitch about not getting what car they want when they want it, and its free
1	life ain't shit but bitches ; money
1	see i peeped it ; pussy is power
0	one more from "yankees wouldn't be letting polanco sit in minor leagues, because they're all about w
0	let's cripple the vanity industry. how? actually start liking who we are, and how we look.
1	i'm honestly surprised some of u guys have ever seen a pussy
1	can these birds shut the fuck up
1	ya i know all the slang i'm racist i h8 porch monkies
1	when bitches say "darkskin niggas fuck the best" this all i see......... wo
1	these bitches need guidance.
1	fuck you spear chucker
1	screaming after wes bitch ass? annalise is losing her damn mind. she need to put the big girl panties back on. htgawm
1	crying over a guy on thanksgiving? nah bitch pick your head up, you making the turkey soggy. thanks a'shanni *pats turkey dry*
1	gucci fucked a lot more famous bitches but he the type to not have to speak on it.wonder who opened their mouth?
1	it don't matter where we at this nigga always tryna holla at a bitch  where. y'all. at?
1	niggas ; bitches dating ugly niggas ; hoes kuz they can trust em then they cheat w/ the elite hoes ; niggas ...
1	everybody got foreign bitches and foreign cars 
1	lmao i've always wanted to ski..bust my ass or not i'm innat hoe, fit and all.
1	absolutely retarded article
0	oh it's coon bike week in charlotte ok makes sense now
1	when said fast bitch i call her bizzy (busy) cause she only bone thugs
1	you prolly don't like me niggah i don't really give a fuck how you feel 
0	why mcdonald's breakfast good but the lunch trash
1	my worse bitch looks better than your main bitch. now that's bad right there lol
1	thatfuckmemoment when you leave your car windows down and it rains in your car and looks like hurricane katrina ran through that bitch
0	yeah one called me a race traitor lol
0	charlie crist (r, i, d - fl) rumored to demand a recount. sayfie
0	61% of welfare/government aid is claimed by white people. so y'all black slander is trash now."
1	the bad bitches still awake?
1	i tried calling my sorry ass cousin for her 27th bday. but the hoe ain't answer like always. she too big time these days lol
0	early bird get the worm.
1	omg nathaniel. no "come here mr pussy" "mr pussy where are you" lol
1	bitches get on twitter an turn to saints like they not hoes that shit kill a nigga
1	my niccas was too real fa these streets rip ike free nwax
0	i'm in my bed like half asleep and stuff. but i really want that oreo coffee coolatta.
1	oh no. they drafted that gay ass that come out on tv? well u welcome to redskins nation. no queers just a lot of niggers.
1	shut up lizard faggot nigger cunt
1	ugly bitches be like i'm my own wcw duh bitch you ain't nobody elses"
1	i'm asking this boy questions like he my bitch
0	bread in general aint too good for ya...but honky bread the worst...
1	"had all the bitches on myspace going nuts...."
1	hate shit like this bitch can't make a decent meal but can take a hell of a thirst trap
1	lana......it ain't nuttin' ta fuck that bitch dawg frohorsemen
1	 dawg pet peeve is finding out a cute guy has hoes. i automatically lose interest. i don't compete.
0	bend over. and pick up that trash.
1	this is real life  she want to give u pussy so bad she mad at u cus u fucking it up
1	he pussy whipped without getting the pussy rare lmao he gotta snap out of it
1	klokus this bitch has his nose pierced 
1	he busted a bitch n rolled stop sign hahahaha
1	 lmfao if you watching porn ; beating off ; yo homie text u ; it show his name in the banner you're a faggot
1	and it's always the black bitches that's constantly late af for no reason. couldn't refuse the ladies in free til 12 ; $1 shots
1	that bitch is lyinggggg
1	what the fuck? tho? really? the entire fucking world media is has gone obama retarded not to know medical science protocols? wuh?
1	bitch
1	i fuck with all yaw. yaw all my nigs
1	 fuck the skinny bitches in the club - anaconda
1	bitch you beat after losing twice lol and we won 11, you just a hater
1	females use breast cancer awareness month as an excuse to be a hoe on social sites smh knowing damn well they know nothing about that shit.
1	being loud, ghetto ; energetic arent offensive things to me. i own who i am ; where i come from, nothing to be ashamed of 
0	oh state, just enjoy your trailer trash and your sub par sports.
1	you need a nicca like me to bring that freak outta you
0	have heard some hillbilly grumblings that bugs worse in recent years because of mic shutdown.
1	feel like im at home when im in dis bitch
1	no woman deserves to be sole stomped like that. he is a bitch, and so is everyone watching doing nada.
1	pussy ass hoe niggas, i can't fuck wit y'all
0	might have a better chance if we put some trash cans out there.
0	their gotta be a loaded lux vs murda mook 3
1	that was back when nigger music was decent
1	i wasn't calling you a faggot, but you are one lol.
1	i want some fire crackers not the baby ass fire works, does az have fire crackers ???
1	and how am i assume shit ,hmm cuz u don't know what fuck u talking about crackers these days.
1	oh shut up faggot get a disease overused on twitter
1	not a fob fan nor in the know. but "fuck you fatty" is a poor argument for anything after 5th
1	just like girls can't be a hoe.... guys can't hit a girl back... it's a double standard that will forever exist....
1	high then a hoe watching wolf of wall street
0	b oreo a stuntcome thru 
1	tempted to finish every sentence i say today with yo or bitch. breakingbad
1	sorry bitches it takes more than luck to beat me.
0	reasons to be a mermaid: - no periods - no pants - perfect hair - u get to lure men into their death also, free clam
1	if a bitch talks shit to me i'm gonna lick my thumb and swipe her eyebrows off
0	inbed eating left over poppadom. livinthedream
1	i don't trust no bitch ... i dog em out
1	fuck her pussy  fuck her mouth  fuck her ass   cause she nasty
1	no you homo sorry i can't be straight like you and pull mad bitches 
0	according to my brothers ipod, its december 1969. if so, i predict that mickey mantle of the ny yankees will announce his retirement march 1
1	just called a 6'5 basketball player out for the fade on twitter cuz dat pussy nigguh live in georgia. come get me bitch
0	overpriced complete trash. not even debatable.
1	dat hoe smelt like she was on her period 
1	all you ofay got left is da oscars. better enjoy dat before us colored folk get dat too
0	"i've met few people in politics that i disrespect more than charlie crist," --rudy giuliani
1	lmfaoo somebody commented on my book saying i need medical attention bitch you the one reading it 
1	since a youngin bitch we been them niggas
1	nvm it's all good nothing is wrong with bitches ((:
1	 tight pants and loud colors you look like a fag 
1	eating your womans pussy is good for the soul.
1	why hella bitches act like they got everything they have on they own, like no bitch you had some form of assistance
1	"its britney bitch" - the bible (leviticus 7:58)
1	he's texas trash bro
1	soon as u get some pt and y'all wonder why i go so hard on these hoes bitches ain't shit smh...
1	"bitch my vagina is a little more resilient than that"
0	friday 6pm vivek balk: bengali harlem ; the lost histories of south asian america 
1	dumb little broad , move the fuck along bitch
1	bet you won't em' doe "hoes gon be hoes" shut up. you a hoe
1	"you like your lunch little boy?" "nah bitch look what i'm eating cause of you"
1	you tell me i'm beautiful, like you tell every other bitch. come on sir. dobetter
1	happy birthday little bitch. bofl this made me laugh when i read it 
1	don't be a bitch
1	i hate baldheadass bitches 
1	we are being overrun by mongrels because zog or the jews that run our countries want the white man to perish.
1	i wish, i wish, i wish, i wish, i wish, i wish a bitch would.. cept she already did, gonna have to handle this 
1	chances make champions nicca ain't nothing stopping you
0	lakers fans will feel the pain the yankees fans are feeling today at the end of basketball season.
1	ily ur a bad bitch
1	"that hoe over there"
1	this nigguh really tried to fight me on the bus over a grape kool aid jammer 
1	 murda out here sucking bitches  howdhow?
1	bitch you knew i was on your trail  mybad
0	oh man. this could be a serious first ever chanel bag contender grape-colored chanel bags
0	or i'm vibing and they ask to see the aux cord knowing they bout to play some trash 
1	these hoes going broke trying to look rich. act your wage
1	you my niggah though daniel lol
1	bitch i'm eating you are so blocked stop white people 2014
1	  these hoes selfish
1	yep, them bitches are dumb af....loyal but dumb lol
1	typical hoe costumes: 1. cat 2. nurse 3. bunny 4. police officer 5. themselves
1	y'all motha fuckas best love my foam party in july. this shit is already a bitch.
0	bought this lp in manchester the other week, had no idea it was coloured vinyl. man what a steal vinylgasm re-machined
1	god i cant fucking stand waiters who bitch about people not tipping. get a real fucking job
0	indigenouspeoplesday .........right. because these redskins had a lot of queens, right? nomg. sofunny
1	newsatquestions yeah bitch, yeah bitch, call me _______: a.) maybe b.) steve-o c.) later d.) jesse pinkman"
1	yall couldn't wait till halloween to dress up like hoes
1	warriors ain't winning shit if curry keep playin like a bitch
1	honey pot harf is the state dept version of pussy paltrow
1	jacobs just like stfu bitch
1	no ud still be a fag if i was lolz
1	fuckin hoe ass click it or ticket.....25 dollars n shit
1	fuck them bitches i hope navy beat em this week.
1	if she has "you know my name not my story" in her bio you know she a hoe
0	och hoe wonderbaarlijk dat jan het alweer met n marokkaanse bner aan de stok heeft. na fatima, lamyea, tofik, nu ook abdelka te min gevonden
1	nigg complaining about a journal and bitches half naked
1	bye bitch. im blocking u i drew you 
1	when im there with a ghetto ass accent being shy as hell like
1	i've noticed that it mostly be the bitches whose hair don't even reach their shoulders that talk the most shit
1	put your tits away you ginger. arnt u like 7? isn't it past you bed time? fuck off bitch.
1	these hoes ain't loyal
0	what manner of black folk take their kids riding in the ghetto to point out misplaced youth and victimized ; cursed brethren and say:
0	free wop
0	mmmh daily is out stories via yellow is in ; luv the bling
0	big squawk: q: when will dfl dump ryan "uncle tom" winkler? } not going to happen berg bleat on. mngop proud stribpol mnleg
1	they still fucking trash. i cant eat those to save my life.
1	"that ain't bro moves, that's hoe moves"
1	damn lol take a picture, it last longer than staring like a weird ass bitch.
1	the way a klansman would say "nigger slave" is the way the says "conservative". they literally sees conservatives as their slaves.
1	my friends are some insensitive bitches 
1	oh no. it's friday night, the night all the bitches cheat.
1	 i swear niggas use to step one foot off the bus and bitches would be like nextttt 
1	stupid bitches.
1	summer hoes turn into winter wifeys
1	you can definitely tell who's a whore by what bitches wear when it's slightly warm out.. 
0	boys still got birds in the cage? lol
1	man that run game ain't no hoe. fuck alex. don't even need his bitch ass
1	bitch had a redbook account with all selfies on the add like bitch no tricks wanna see yo face
1	me: let's try a 2nd attempt of my first day of work the cold: haha yeah right i fucked your car and your bitch
1	hoes always blaming hoes for being hoes.
1	all relationships come w/ hatin ass hoes, drama, jealousy, arguments.. all that. only real couples laugh at the shit 
0	i would bitch about the weather being bipolar, but i'm just gonna appreciate how nice it is instead
0	y'all gots to take da colored vacation. kentucky fried chicken but only da white meat
1	smoke good weed with a bad bitch
1	yas bitches yas 
1	sessy's a bitch but is a real homie. unlike gabby.
0	grandma: "(macon) is a rinky dink mosquito-filled cop-infested swamp." lmao
1	cut these hoes off right now i really need to , ion really know girl but i believe in u
1	you want a hot body? you want a bugatti? you better be born into wealth, bitch.
1	bitch u boutta drown tryna be a hoe twitpic a no bra selfie showing nipples
0	a homeless dog living in a trash pile gets rescued, and then does something amazing please share. via
1	i still hate the bitches at the dmv californiadmv, miserable hoes
0	tuku ho idk blah blah blah" 
1	"our people". now is the time for the aryan race 2 stand up and say "no more". before the mongerls turn the world into a ghetto slum. 1488
0	it's a brand new day and the birds they chirpin
1	naw really bitch i mean yo address
1	bitch stfu u livin off our tax money too, we pay shit just like u so don't get that white power shit to head
1	lamar odom is such a little bitch. it's pathetic.
1	you know i stay on fuck a bitch shit but with a street nigga thats what you gonna get .
1	i wonder if the girl that gave head to 24 boys for a drink in magaluf has twitter" she probly sends nudes for fags
0	half jar of marmalade, shaved monkey, saran wrap, mini horse. give your best scene. askkevin
1	i could b out here like some of these chicks...in the streets slingin pussy for a couple dollars but im not
1	do as i say soo  r muthaafuckin j hoe 
1	all that high fashion leather gear u wearin to impress a bitch..i got at her wit a dickie shirt and some adidas slides
1	what a retard lol
1	so excited for this white trash bash party tonight 
1	fucking hate ghetto girls i swear bruh
1	when i hear an ugly bitch talk about another ugly bitch  ...
1	bitches with trash pussy always want unprotected sex
1	"my ex girlfriends telling people i sell pills and coke. retweet if she's a bitch." - durant hs
0	dafuq is floppy bird ?
1	when a sideline hoe gets mad, bitch shut up you was okay with being second all this time, now all of sudden it's a probl
1	that bitch better be happy about that 20$ tip.
1	you just a dark ie my nig.. it's ok..
1	oh bitch you toooo far
1	basically we ain't got room for basic bitches.
1	can't dm wigga cause i can't even get a follow back 
1	yer dirty pussy
1	tf bitch do mine
1	unfollow me bitch. i won't cry about it. 
1	the midwest of the us is white trash.
0	breakingnews streetart graffiti new mural by duo etamcru in rome italy morning breakfast coffee trash
0	sounds like gypos to me - they used to do this all the time where i lived
1	ketchup on tha beat hoe
1	i love how "twat" is gender neutral.
1	bae: go talk to your other hoes me:
0	i've only watched 10mins of this trash and i feel like i just wasted some valuable minutes of my life that i can never get b
1	nobody wants to be with a bum except bum bitches
1	i'm he's? really? he on the phone talking to another bitch while you standing in the middle of a damn field clueless.
1	fucc droppin songs when yu gon drop a mixtape nicca
1	life's a bitch, because if it was a slut, it would be easy.
1	fck dem old hoes..... no double entree...
0	these brownies are bomb
1	shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tits
0	lmao dude, you said we would get no commitment from saudi arabia or jordan how does crow taste? more proof you are full of it
1	' you deserve x august alsina  im dedicating that to all my old side hoes  .
1	' make a niggah buy a ring for ya finger  , jimmies for ya feet  jeans for that back  lingerie for the...
1	bitches be like im nt beefing over a niggah smh
1	life's a bitch then you die- tony
1	lmao rt my nicca  wat fool??
0	playing a show in lutsen, mn at 9:00 pm today at papa charlies
1	yo fat ugly ass couldn't even pull the ugly bitch in the school
1	got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up
1	boosie said he got a bitch from the sip. thots are gonna have "boosie's bitch in da sip" in their bio now bethiphopawards
1	3 millionaires just walked in why you tripping bitch you paid for the fight ? lmao
1	me and ma niggah in the func fucccccccked upppppp "i'm here on
1	 nah bitch u addicted to spazzin fasho fuc molly tht shit happend 1 time and lean scarce so stfu hoe ass go spazz on sum thot
1	hoes will be hoes .
1	i wasn't born lastnight , i know theses hoes ain't right 
1	when i'm pissed i either go merit scholar and use big words or i go ghetto fabulous and talk like i'm trashy. either way i
1	bad bitch, chest out......no wonder why miss righteous keeps on getting left out
0	doug martin trash
1	i spend my money on weed clothes n food not hoes
1	bitch ass nigga rico 
1	fuck a lame nigga than you a lame bitch
0	yellow face and it's a no.
1	i'm jus tryna vaca away from the niggers bro.
1	niggas see you wit da yellow dey wanna hit you up 
1	i know bout yo wack ass dreads nigger
0	i just whipped up these homemade pickled eggs while home being a cripple... made with garlic
1	i hate those creepy ass dolls that call you dada, i'm like "bitch i ain't yo daddy"
0	this would never happen at a "non-colored" award show
1	you be totally correct anthony. cant be livin round dem colored folk. day be bringin down da hood and dem propery value
1	let a nigga try me try me i'm a fuck all the hoes in his family
1	lol she blocked you little bitches these days. 
1	find a loyal ho 
1	that pussy came gift wrapped
1	damn you a hoe
0	when the trash bag is so full , you can barely tie it.... sttooopp
1	i got no patience for hoes actin lame ima stop fuckin wit yo ass quick asl
0	30 mins for n to pick out a trash can meijer....now do u guys understand why i took 3 shots before this trip
1	fat bitches fat bitches heeeey
1	i sound retarded but he is learning quickly
1	bruh i'm under 2 blankets like a bitch right now
1	don't be sorry hoe, be careful
1	what niggah
1	sure wish my nose would stop dripping.....this sick shit is for the birds
1	well thank goodness i got other musicians that aren't bitches.. like for example.
1	' she drippen vanillaaaaa , she know i'm the pussy killaaaa  .
1	that damn coach ain't never called back bitch ass
0	metal only, honkies
1	where these bitches at 
1	gimmmmmie a hoodrat bitch
1	california chrome bitches
1	bruh every time a famous celebrity tweet something, the 1st person to comment is some hoe talkin bout "slap ya dick on me d
1	stiff armed his hoe ass lmao
0	need to start mcbob because williams only shoot let him play with bird
1	u oversteppin u boundires as a sideline hoe
1	ya 5 games are you a retard?
1	i need a loyal bitch not no goofy bitch
0	would not spend my money on trash like that
1	and niggas don't be knowing the difference or want to believe that the bitch actually ugly
1	i'm feeling pretty fuckin ghetto" smh
1	i hate when niggas get mad cuz you fucked they girl when really he should be happy you showed him that bitch unloyal
1	i love when bitches throw shade. just confirms i'm doing something right 
0	yankees unveil beautiful derek jeter cage in monument park
1	if u get mad or in ur feelings bout zoe's vs yanks tweets then twitter ain't for u i be rolling at this shit tho
1	you can't find what you lookin for cuz you too busy likin 2 or 3 bitches at a time and all the same.
1	kayci and i greet each other by saying "hey cunt" like it makes me lol -the only person okay with me cal
1	my bitch say i'm in the dog house fuck you mean
0	interested. just wanted to see a better pic of the soles
1	i'll eat ya pussy like a savage, but once you put ya nasty ass feet in my face my socks and drawers already on and i'm out
1	it seem like cory talked to 75% of all indianapolis hoes  nbs
1	"don't be a stupid fucking bitch." - me, to stupid fucking bitches
1	these niggaz bitches hiding behind gangs they ain't in   
1	if a bitch comes for me i hope she bout all that slick shit she yapping about  thuggin
1	done w. all these fuck niggas  snip snip hoe  stfu
1	yeah bitch
1	don't get your panties in a twist. just take 'them off and let my tongue twist around in your pussy instead.
0	directioners, 1d's ; monkey around on set of stealmygirl video:
1	"i fucking hate that bitch so much i wanna smack her in the face then tongue kiss her"
1	steve calvin annis cunt
1	fuck you tweetin me emojis for faggot 
1	if a bitch has to fuss ;;fight over a niggah thats hugged up ;; ,boo'd up w the next bitch , clearly doesnt gaf bout u
0	now that halloween is fast approaching please understand this. we are a culture, not a costume to mock and ridicule
1	imma hit the ground work in the pussy she gone come back everytime
1	your girl swear u cheating until u fuck a bitch for real then it's "omg how could u?"
1	mann fuckk dat shit..fuckk dat bitch 
1	jenny says you're an evil bitch.
1	lol tell that hoe grow up ahaha
0	am so high that birds and planes are my peers
0	altyd zo geweest hoe vaak men ook zegt:dit nooit meerlozewoorden.puntjebijpaaltje vertonen z dierngedrag
1	all i need is one, i don't want "the hoes "
1	yall crazy hoes need jesus lol
1	my bitch bad piece, yo bitch got bad feet 
1	screaming like a little bitch lmaooo
1	although last night my lady told me the key to happiness was new pussy
1	wutkinda r purple. ceeeleee"man this gurl was jus playin on the "stupid hoe " track. but in still shitted on sum gurls
1	lmfao , this bitch was giving head in the back of a classroom she better go tf ahead
1	i can tell when certain and specific people are posting on a group/corporate fb/twitter page by the consistent retarded hashtags makeshitup
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	the tl talkin about eatin pussy and u watchin soccer? ur a grade a faggot this game is crazy
1	everybody claim they fvck with "bad bitches" but all the ugly bitches getting pregnant . . . . somebody lien
1	pussy aint shit but a product you either gonna get onna muscle or you gotta pay
1	for mj fav for a bitch nigga
1	i hate when people tell me i have to many tattoos, and they make me look ugly. like bitch fuck you
1	 yas bitch . don't have too much fun
1	these hoes is crazy"
1	hank baskett cheated with a tranny and just got a shoutout
1	the price of pussy in toronto has now declined to one henessey bottle and a quarter pounder combo with large fries.
1	if you're a male and "hoes/hos" and/or "bitches" is your default word for women...you gotta go. remove yourself, please.
0	new show:thursdays with jinxy broadcast from the moon it's made of chunky blue cheese you know
1	i hate when bitches only wanna talk to me is when their bf breaks up with them or theyre on break with their bf. no nigga. fuck out my inbox
1	hate basic bitches,
1	i need a trippy bitch i ain't wit that cute shit
1	i wanna watch a nigger made before christmas
1	denzel did his mf thang in his new movie boy i swear oml he played the shit outta that bitch had me in the movies ready to be a killer 
1	pics or it didn't happen. or you're the side bitch.
1	you bitches that entertain all the attention you get from these niggas are the worst kind of hoes there is
1	twitter whats this mean ? i come alive in the night time + sleep all day hoe all night.
1	like hov said "we all ghetto b" lol
1	you don't know what i know. name somebody colder, you monkey faced immigrant
1	bitch where you see a katy or perry in that pic katy perry is so fit 
1	my body count went from 1 to 9 in one semester... i'm not a hoe just love sex -famu
1	paybacks a bitch.
1	customers be tryna act like you don't understand what they're saying, no bitch, you don't understand what i'm saying.
0	i eat dat chicken out your love box baby. lovin a white woman while eatin chicken. a colored mans dream
1	braxton curti a hoe ass nigga and wen i see him i'ma smack him like da lil bitch he is 300
0	brownies brownies brownies
1	ain't no pussy better than loyal pussy
1	this rain got yall women talking out your ass.. a nigga should spend 80% of his income on a bitch  bruh get these hoes the fuck outta here
0	if i wasn't a yankee fan i probably would be a sf giants fan lol
1	"stop looking us and go eat some pussy, you yuppie fucks."
1	when someone's phone goes off in the cinema i want to jump across the seats and fly kick dat bitch.
1	anncoulter still calling obama a 'community organizer' re: syria. well, she is still cunt as well. so what?
1	i been thugging theses hoes since pre-school 
1	haha no but i was ready to slap that bitch again he came walkin in my room to say hi while i was playin saints in my underwear -_-
1	money doesn't make me happy one bit. money makes me feel more comfortable if anything. i can get pussy being dead ass broke tho tbh
1	if you dont know uncle jj your a bitch
1	when somebody ask "where da hoes at" universal answer is "shit u got em"
0	pakistani christian couple burnt alive in kasur punjab 
1	now i could say my name butttttt, ya bitch already knows it 
1	ever leave me around yo bitch and ima get her stoned
1	i recall you telling one of the apollo teachers you hoped her baby came out retarded , and it did ... assholeoftheyear lol 
1	"your a queer". 
1	it's so shady when you bitches talk to guys w/ girlfriends that's so disrespectful to do to another girl
1	dudes stay trying to hit on someone elses bitch, knowing they already taken.
1	when a bitch sneezes too close to you
1	7. you still fucn ya ex?na that bitch corny
1	floyd mayweather stay with a badd bitch lol
1	you are a bitch. callemlikeiseeem
1	never tell a bitch that i love her
1	i hate the whole, slut, hoe, "thot" talk lol given what i'm sure people's personal inboxes and late nights look like
1	don't be using teeth, hoe that's childish
0	this is better than flappy bird. falloutbird
0	live birds found in elmo doll at us-mexico border (from
1	go cry about it joey. just like the little bitch you are
1	cry baby bitch
1	gonna surprise earl with a tranny. best 450 ever fucking spent? yes
1	eagles are fucking cunts
1	all these hoes so familiar  juicetweet
0	so i'm at tedgibson and ted is getting his hair colored right beside me. heeeey
1	nigga stfu u not funny we all laughing at yo retarded ass just stfu
1	shave pussy deserve nothing but fie head and good dick twitterafterdark :)
0	oh torrence, i can't stand your cheer leading squad but i love your pom poms... i'll feed you bon bons all night.
1	bored then a hoe listening to these fuck ass adults lecturing us with
0	your a early bird
1	the dmv system was recently restructured on the narrative outline of dante's inferno. only edit, dante is a fat pissed-off cunt.
1	lol i make hoes madd hahhaha, ;)
1	u will see it on saturday and if u don't show up then your a bitch made nigga pussy ass nigga
1	shut up bitch
1	i ran out  this hoe just texted me asking to borrow a roll of tissue until tomorrow 
1	woah did this bitch say love?
1	shoulda told her yeah if i can take you home for pussy lol
1	i agree my fellow cracker.
1	i was raised the person that uses a gun and cant take an ass whipping is a pussy
1	bitch
0	your mother looks like a tough-as-nails bird...i see where you got 1/2 of that from. nice food, too
0	could be wearing a trash bag and she'd still be the stylish and coolest human i know
0	don't dance, iggy. it's trash just like your music.
1	all my white school teachers back in elementary knew not to give me no pussy. i'm telling all of my niggas.
1	i'd like to see someone try to hit me off. joke's on you bitch, i don't have internet
1	you is a hoe
0	study these birds closely. see if you can spot the female. it can be done. even with limited bird watching skills.
0	you need an iphone to use their stupid watch? apple is just grabbing people ankles and shaking the money out of rubes pockets.
1	if yo girl let them in, she a hoe...she belong to the world, why u cuffing her
0	fantasy squad doing so trash :/
1	quan stop that faggot on my tl
1	fuck all u stupid hoes idgafmode
1	ur fucking white trash
1	really bitch? no.
1	where's the girl i could pack this bowl with? i know u out there hoe, quit playing
0	charlie understood  how to keep those percentages  lower..
1	iont like yall always talking. not even tryna be funny thou rns bitch i do
1	i wonder how many of y'all hoes got homegrown sex tapes online and u.o.e.n.o
1	which mean you hoes too stupid ion want it around me youhavejustbeenblocked 
1	unemployed niggas be having all the hoes 
1	camo day catch me at school huntin' for basic bitches
1	my bitches getting even badder
1	i hate bitches with thick eyebrows
1	happy bro, happy ho: "happy husband key to marriage? u of c study thinks so" |
0	fairy tale world lmao
1	take like tamu... bitches jumped to 6 after beating sc, which ain't that good...
0	oreo being adorable
1	when you see a hoe talking to bae but she not even on your level
1	fuck you bruh ima look at your young bitch..
1	joe budden always flexin on average twitter niggas wit his pool parties n bitches, the nigga can't compete wit otha rap niggas
1	celebrities teeth really be white as shit. i mean don't get me wrong my shit aint yellow by far but i need whatever toothpaste they be using
1	lol when you bae game ; an unknown hoe screaming his name loud asfck 
0	your mind is free and your soul. satan will present to u in his kingdom the things that mock u. stay strong in yahshua...
1	if i get 30 or more retweets that's proof i get 0 bitches. let's settle this once and for all
1	i can't remember all the girls i've smashed  on god."hoe shit not technically, it takes .
1	bitches tryna be down but i ain't for that relationship life right now.
1	lmfaoooooooooooooooo put that muthafuckin jelly on that bread, bitch spread it
1	omg this bitch just said some shit
1	if yo bitch only fucking with you bcuz of your money chances are any nigga with some money can fuck her?
1	lebron bout to cry lil bitch
1	i don't like bitch niggaz and they don't like me  boss up
1	108 mil and its cause of romo bitch ass dez ; witten not eating
1	"if you talk back to me you ain't getting no pussy." me:
1	win % since pile of trash went to new orleans: buffalo:1.000 neworleans:0.0000000000000 fuckbyrd whone
0	are poor little guinea pig died :(
0	frogger, best game ever only cuz you suck at flappy bird
1	this bitch always got shit to say about what other people like
1	can't believe i actually killed a cockroach. smh you a bitch, that was probably ma nigga eduardo
1	bitches be watching me from other bitches pages; thats right bitch , team work 
1	come over queer
0	the jets are trash my bad i see what you meant 
1	all of yall stfu, your all pussies and won't do shit
1	my bitch bruhhh
1	fuck you bitch, where's my sleeve
1	just know a countryass old bitch in tn. has ur back
1	if you gotta talk shit about another nigga to get pussy you weaaak
1	boss niggas fuk wit boss bitches vice versa..
1	johnny rebel - quit your bitchin' nigger:
1	sum hoes be smoking to look cute bitch u better inhale that shit wasting weed
1	everyone always says girls are really bitchy, no. some boys are fucking inconsiderate bitchy cunts it is actually disgu
1	thinking that i care dont give a fuck bout you think  wop
1	these bitches both average. lmao "baddie" pretty girls be like
1	can't give these hoes a inch cuz they'll try to take mile
1	no sex bitch i only want the decks bitch (yu-gi-oh)
1	i feel like i just got married bruh, she a bad bitch
1	i had free tickets and couldn't go because i had chemistry ain't that a bitch
1	y'all hoes so ugh
0	there will be track sweeping during this yellow.
0	hick yes
0	and another one two hoes? y'all know what we are? "
0	ay what are some good bars/clubs to hit up in denver?? should be up there saturday night to coon out.
1	bitches can't fuck with my bitches they deadly
1	shoulda came to my family's dinner tonight....we talked about shitting and negros.
0	it is shakespeare's birthday. take a look at some shakespearean trash talk.
0	trash liars these law students are terrible liars htgawm
1	with no babymama drama , side hoes all that ...just fa me n only me
0	breaking: louisville coach charlie strong is expected to accept texas job, according to espn ; media reports 
1	bad bitch with me wonder where my manners go
1	real niggas let a real bitch cum first 
1	90 percent yo bitch with me 100 percent that scrap with me
1	adam is a sexy bitch conceded ass (jk ilusm)
1	no i bitch and moan not tears
0	oops, i just had a freudian slit.
1	fuck the girls , peep how he change when a nigga squared up against him   bitch ass
1	freaky bitch hi
1	lady next to me gon say her cooch is itching ; burning she thinks she got a uti. no bitch that's something else down there
1	fuck she's a basic bitch
1	bitches love "body party"  but when it's time to take da dick, the party canceled  false advertising ass bitches
1	bitch me too
1	this kid is wearing huf socks and a don't sweat my swag sweatshirt. and i'm like leave some pussy for the rest of us dude
1	hey morons at foxnews and foxandfriends was it political when bush raised terror threat right before the election? lmao at u teabaggers
1	i swear ion see how broke niccas still out here gettin pussy smh
1	justin bieber fakes his permanent bitch face and it bugs the shit out of me.
1	got 2 bad bitches with me, molly and aquafina
1	garbage rappers can't learn. it's like teaching advanced algebra to a retard.
1	oh hell yeah lol you know that nicca injury prone
1	if your girl see that another girl likes you, her name is "this bitch" until further notice.
1	it's a metaphor you dumb fucking nigger 
1	lmao look at these hoes
1	hoes really be having built up animosity towards you for no reason. like what's your problem bitch? fill me in cuz i'm lost
1	i am no longer willing to claim "i'm just like you just queer" as my rallying cry.
1	no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie
1	these la bitches thirsty for a hit single
1	' happppppy birthdayyyy  lol . niggahs is really 21 in this bitch  .
1	sand nigger ran over some kidd
1	its wayyyyy more going on now than 2 have u pushing yo trash ass music right now
1	someone tell me where the drinks at. where the bitches at. you fucking on the first night, meet me in the back. game
0	your a big yute to be having slits in your brows my darg lol drop it out
0	i was impressed that anybody could chug a smirnoff ice that quickly.
0	i know u didnt hit that jigga with my fav purse. .. chill 
1	i remember i was having phone sex with a white bitch and she said her pussy tasted like salt and vinegar chips, ain't tal
1	how this ugly ass nigga gets more pussy than me ?
1	when i die take my casket to the club so bitches can twerk on it i'm putting the fun back in funeral
1	i want a real relationship  no games, no lies, no side hoes, just me and you 
1	yep i'm an asshole..oh well he shouldn't be such a little bitch..i'm sure he hears worse on a daily basis
1	i hate when bitches get a man and start tweeting shit like "lol let me stop tweeting like this before he kills me "
1	tv wrestling villains must lie, selectively be a coward, be a bully when they can, gain unfair advantages bitch ; moan, ; disre
1	why yall think its ok to be faggots? and want us to be cool with them
1	fuck driving stick, it's gay as fuck shit pussies say
1	popped a pussy i'm sweating lol
0	all these afternoon groups are trash besides the bubba, keegs and furyk group thememorialtournament
1	hanging out with guys does not make you a hoe
0	natitude? okay. i'm only going to say it once. comb yer beards. lol wiggers
1	it wus yo fat ass that filled out the application to work there, not me bitch.....
0	ch3burashka sure gets to be a nit-picky russian monkey/bear thing sometimes, doesn't he?
1	kicking bitches out the house like pam
1	this bitch on maury got 11 baby daddy's
1	she been a hoe all summer but soon as the fall weather hit she'll probably forget about all that and be a good girl again. that's the cycle
0	i hope you get better soon colds are for the birds
1	side hoes need rounds too... they always play stupid hoe song back to back
1	dont try too fuck with me ; got a million and two bitches because i will tell them all.. i promise i will
1	awwwwww that ain't my hoe.
1	i do alot of fucking girl, but i don't fuck around... i been in the same pussy since before migos came out...
0	just me or are there a lot of tweets from media tonight about election night food?? for the record: cheese ; crackers
1	bitch you're retarded men that cook should wear panties too
1	when tyler the creator said "rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome."
1	"good pussy is pussy that makes you really think bout making her breakfast pussy that makes you think about being a father"
1	i'll pay yall niggas to get lost, how much y'all hoe niggas gunna cost
1	erica so desperate she bragging bout flawging ass scrapy eating her pussy... wow he ur baby daddy dumb bitch i'm sure u gave he dome as well
1	that was me trying to be "mature" about the subject. what kind of fucking pussies are you to bitch about a satirical tweet against asians?
1	yup then she got aids and died jenny was a bitch forestgump
1	i wish a nigguh would try this clown shit in w.o.h.s
1	you both sure do you want to give a free pass to every border jumper in this country you two are what's wrong here
0	mcdonald's is hella trash to me now
1	ffffffffffffuck. baratheon rebellions are a bitch.
0	all the helmets in destiny are trash. i wish i could just rock an invisible bubble instead. hunters look like robocop.
1	please be a little depressed bitch the entire time
0	the birds out tonight
1	if i see another bitch with a rolly bag ima diesel that bitch
1	oregon losing in oregon ahhhahahaha faggots
1	most of these niggas go broke for these hoes
1	bitches be 18 in 8th grade talking about "i miss bae"  naw bitch you missed graduation 
0	those crackers will leave you parched asf
1	when someone retweets a bitch i hate onto my timeline
1	called her a cunt too
0	rose colored glasses only, you guys. wvnextin6
1	better nig. lol but if anything ill flip u the 10 or something. im tryna get some more cash
1	as if it wasnt gon get bacc to me  bitch your outta your fuccing mind
1	iphone 5 bitch
1	girls are so fucking grimy today, keep your vagina in your pants you dirty hoe
1	this bitch showed me it ; if y'all every seen that low budget piece shit that muthafuckin clown scary then a hoe
1	slap my hoes with a rake fake make great cake illuminati
1	glad you could get your daily dose of giggles faggot
1	hunkie is resorting to dick kicks
1	boy dats cold...tyga dwn bad for cuffin dat hoe in the 1st place
1	are you serious right now? hypocritical and double standards? fuck outta my face with that trash
1	this bitch just said lorde is rock... no
0	the cardinals are mlb's gold standard, and there isn't even a close silver. dodgers giants tigers yankees
1	i want a real relationship  no games, no lies, no side hoes, just me and you 
1	smokin on loud that will have yo ass panicking.... but wwn you show up all the hoes start vanishing
0	bill maher mocks gullible america for missing the real enemy
1	this bitch slow playin like the fuckkk
1	gotta watch these hoes 
0	hahaha, made ya eat crow....
1	yo bitch givin me head while i watch good burger.
1	pepsi and cheerios smashin on these hoes got me blue in the taco bae thinks of me flaco errybody frontin jus
1	wtf... 3 days ; 3 nights if i go another day..... all i know is im going ape shit....
1	they hv loads of cushion on the soles of them. they would feel good on ur dick.
1	kinda u mad friend?? fat fucking funky nasty ass hoes
1	fml  my period on  can't pop that pussy now huh?
0	this hot chocolate and famous amos too bomb right now
1	miami bitches
0	can someone get me cheese and crackers
1	we block us then and see what happens. you think we on ya high yellow ass now. just watch
1	ha lol like at selenas horny bitch lol
1	comin from a fat bitch
1	shut up faggot
1	when hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites
1	tweet but don't text back ok fag
1	he does lmao sean payton been had hoes lol
1	bra i'm bout to blaze this bitch
1	when you go to a college party and you don't see any bitches
1	mfs don't care about tha kid except a few of my niggas ; my bitch
1	brian stfu  its twitter i could retweet anythingdon't make me bitch slap you again 
1	only one problem theres a "no pussies allowed" sorry
1	you other niggas a call up a bitch to fight a bitch naw not me i'm whomp that trick so she can feel where i'm coming from
1	turn the entire fuck up, hoes
1	ohh&gt; whine whine whine says my faggot ass steroid cream forgiving giants&gt; is busterposey takin' shot from barrybonds? is that it?
1	nyomi banxxx and skin diamond the last of the good ebony porn bitches.
1	white boy power bitch" black power bitch
1	i can't tell if i want to fuck you or if i want to slit your throat
1	ymcmb always get caught up with strippers. tyga actually had a child with one. niggas get rich a buy bitches
1	if you think i've been an opinionated bitch lately just be glad i've stayed quiet on 3 of the topics swirling around he
1	number of women denied birth control by hobby lobby: 0 number of democrat retards butthurt by the verdict: 30,000,000
1	oh, and i'm back, bitch. no one walks all over me ever again. ever.
1	people comment on my fb statuses like "how was your day?" like bitch wtf do i know you?
1	all the kickers in college football trash like y'all can't even make 20 yard field goals....u got one fucking job
1	just like "fat chicks need love too" i guess. some jeffrey dommer type would be all over that sloppy ho.
1	lmao shorty twitter name is pussy 2 chubby...lmfao im dead
1	u fucking trailer trash
1	cant spell above and beyond without hoe
1	i've been tryin to tell niggas lesbian porn have the finest bitches
1	plz come down here im really sick of your bitch ass talking shit plz come down here it going to be 1 on 1
1	don't love these hoes don't lean on bitches
1	justin bieber win oscar for suck my balls you dead dog midget dick son of a bitch
1	i prefer jameis winston to not speak on tv at all. damn coon.
1	i'm a dick and you ain't even got ya strap on, pussy
1	vonte not tweeting like a bitch finally
1	yessir. you know this man u got some pack fag boy i'm comin thru
1	you need to at least not be a bitch 12/7 to date me
1	give us our credit bitch.. we went out there ; took that w. took tha
1	$100 bid to go on a date with zack morris oh that dreamy son of a bitch
1	remember the "yellow badge" nazis used? israel is making muslim women carry a yellow badge order to pray in al-aqsa. h
0	and thus endeth our warm, fuzzy holiday lesson: never take those you love for granted, for they can be gone in a flash.
0	because hillbillies like sports to...
1	wrongfilmquotes ..everytime i come in the kitchen you in the kitchen, in the goddamn refrigerator. eatin up all the pussy
1	stfu boris fagjo cause he a faggot makes sense now right?? bran prolly real nurturing lol
0	how are yankees games on the radio? good announcers?
1	bitches eyebrows be on fleek  loyalty on weak  edges incomplete  and pussy on reek  
1	and too short to fuck boring hoes life's too short to wear boring clothes
1	then i fuck yo bitch
1	those rich son's of bitches too gready. smh
1	when did gum get so soft, you sons of bitches.
1	u a bitch in niggas clothing shut yo ass up 
0	when people really think i'm asian i get offended, even though i make fun of my gook self
1	like a bitch wit no ass u ain't shit
1	im queer as a three dollar bill and my first response to her coming out was sarcastic 'wow really? never
0	trash show
1	if you fucked a bitch that fucked every nigga in your state
1	but you can't tell a broke bitch nothin  
1	you following a whole bunch of bitches that look better than your girl don't do nothin but make you wanna cheat more
1	no i don't cry im not a bitch(: i was just pissed because the cop was trying to charge me with a hole bunch of bullshit :p
1	i aint shit, you aint shit...bitch we meant for eachother
1	first thing i look at is what's on a bitch feet
1	mary jane my only bitch
1	big moe rn like a hoe haha yuhhhh
1	shine on them hoes
0	how would i look if i had feathers instead of fur? would i be able to eat from a bird feeder without getting judging gla
1	these bitches always trippin
1	ever pop a bag of chips and that bitch bust open on the end facing the fuckin floor
1	i can see moose rockin himself back n forth in a corner of n empty room with his faggot hair all in his face sayin 2 himse
1	i want a dyke clique
1	my nicca
0	someone probably told him 6 god was trash.
1	and dis wus after i offered to help faggot ass nigga get custody of his kids.... im lowkey heated..
0	          angry birds  
1	if eating the pussy makes you happy, i'm all for it. :)
1	he's the definition of little squirrelly bitch
0	i don't care who kendrick made that song for it's still trash
1	some bitches curve game be too serious
1	greta... you let a fag do this to me i thought we were cool
1	joshua is a faggot. just suspend him on those grounds
0	twice divorced teabagger florida attorney general says marriage is reserved for 'stable, enduring family units'
1	bitches corny af you claim to be happy but cry everyday, ooh iight where they do that? hmmmm
1	brooooooo that wingstop went sooooo clutch, i straight ran through that hoe
1	i'm tryna eat steaks n dis hoe wanna eat peanuts -- voice
1	allah can kiss my ass and yes, muhammed was a bitch just like osama binladen
0	friends of has let me know that phil is very ill. his infection has gone septic, and he is fightin
1	"why would you wanna be the green ranger? he's evil" duh bitch
1	because hoes disguise themselves as real women
1	he been taking them hoe lol
1	you can no longer run a business n america unless it's deemed acceptable by 1 political group of retards known as democr
1	people be like from bae to who are you real quick i be like bitch don't play with me i'll cut you
1	i might fuck around and fuck yo bitch  eat her ass when your steal her so you'll be a real ass nigga
1	; when a nigga don't care if you leave it's cause he gotta another bitch he was tired of creeping w/ anyway
0	yay i like when jacob has colored layouts
1	ow my stomach hurts like a bitch
1	both trash but i guess they got tired of chalmers trash starting how chalmers lose his job to norris cole? lmfaoooo
1	a lot of these hoes be cheating on they nigga fucking other niggas. y'all boys better get y'all a real bitch that ain'
1	shoot that nigga ; his shorty bitch 
1	who the hell taught you how to fuck bitch toot it up
1	see i told y'all nikko was holding her ass up that bitch ain't got no upper body strength
0	un pollito cruzaba la frontera, un zorro se tropieza con el pollo, el zorro le dice, im sorry el pollo le dice im...
1	hahaha awe yea got a date with the baddest bitch around 
1	i'll actually kill that bitch
1	pedro is a little bitch cause he never dm me.
1	dawg, what the fuck happened to "so and so" where did they go? too worried bout bitches and fashion they go missing in action..
1	bitch where you going?
1	you scum bro when tha pussy was trash but she still txt yu... my life ain't shit
1	we don't hire bitches
0	mhmm tweet bird 
1	fuck you, hoe ass nigga the white-fronted parrot is the only other species besides humans that french kiss as a prelude to sex.
1	there's a difference between being actually crazy ; aspiring crazy real shit . i can't stand "fake crazy" bitches
0	god made male and female blades of grass. every living thing must reproduce itself to stay on this earth: birds, bees and grass. sex=natural
1	damn that bitch dumb
1	ouuuuufffff you will see pussy
0	i'm finally ready to mass market my skidmark-resistant tighty whities, but apparently "uncrustables" is already taken. fu
1	good morning ig .... giving u white trash body  turntup webad wepretty gayvegas
0	sounds like the hysteria over bird flu a few years back. it had a lower mortality rate than the regular flu.
1	t.o. was a faggot crybaby
1	shut up bitch it looks smooth like a booty
1	it ain't nothing to  that bitch off 
0	oh no sorry hun. that sucks. hope you heal fast.  dancerproblems
1	when you ate the pussy but yeen think she was gone tell anybody
0	guys with colored eyes 
1	i feel bad for all the homies that suffer from canker sores on the reg. those bitches hinder the spirit
1	girls with anchor tats are hoes
1	b/c her ass fat? maybe her pussy wack ; it drove her man to crack. khloe kardashian is winning at life
1	now my side bitch my main bitch cause my main bitch aint feelin me no moe
1	eat her pussy and look at her like 
1	dry pussy bitches always blame it on the condom"
1	i rather go choke on your moms bomb pussy
0	she sounded like a bird crowing
1	this bitch literally just pulled a whopper from her fanny pack america
1	weird ass bitches
1	yeswedid .....tattoo our bitches to corrupt as many men as possible to egypt and being a cattle prod vote&gt;
1	that's meant toward my dads gf shes a bitch dude
1	drake was singing that shit so bitches would buy nwts...lmao. nobody even remembers that album
1	no ion gotta do a bitch ass thang if you dont like wtf im saying unfollow me
1	juicy j can't say no to ratchet pussy remember?
1	if having hoes still excites you ; you still have some growing to do lil mf
1	all it takes is one bitch ass monkey or human to fuck up every bodies peace and serenity.
1	how do i tell this cashier that i'm tryna fuck her right in the pussy
1	julius peppers still seems retarded.
0	breaking: charlie crist files emergency motion for a mulligan.
1	karmas a bitch
1	i'll break any bitch nigga down, i don't care about your size.
1	i think a lot of bitches don't smile in their selfies because their breath stinks and they don't want to steam up their front cameras
1	' y'all complaining about thirst traps ? fr ? theirs models that dress just like that ? ass out and all stfu . don't make you a hoe wtf .
1	hoes like when you honest, they say it's different.
1	this bitch lmao "steve wilkos be goin on mfs "
1	my house is so piece full, thank god these little jungle bunnies are outta my face
1	whoa, calling me a cunt?
1	spending money on these hoes , nigga you aint fuck shit 
1	bad bitches in dirty ass houses &lt;&lt;&lt;
1	i saw a girl scratch her private today.. what that mean? don't fuck her right in the pussy
1	say what you want about , but that bitch has pipes
1	bitches, bitches, bitches.
0	thanks to i have learned way more than i ever wanted to know about birds...
1	current emotion-broke ass bitch
1	olivia's pussy so good that he got jake to sip tea with the enemy. o.p. is the baddest bitch. scandalabc
0	let's just say the hotel i've been staying at isn't going to want this hand towel back. i had no idea i could turn 'em that shade of yellow.
1	living with my bitches live
1	anything to trash this black president
1	rape? of course.. the only way you could get pussy. smh
1	there are girls. there are women. there are ladies. and there are bitches. you ma'am, is a beeeitch. a dumb ass bitch hahaha.
1	why would i be mad at a bitch who couldn't pass the 10th grade  i'll wait
1	leezy got all the bitches
1	i want my ears to look like this  i just want this bitches earrings lol 
1	bitches be fake af 
1	keshun be like it aint nothing to cut that bitch nawl it aint 
1	fuck you niggah you gay. lol
0	shy girls &gt;&gt;
1	just bought new release, and to all of you pussies whining about it...stfu. turnthatshituplouder godsmack
1	dumb bitch lol
1	lol what bitches yea go get the bouncer we were eye ballin' your clearly pussy ass
1	a boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together. a guy should never have these hoes laughing at his 
1	just wait....karma is a bitch
1	i'm sick of you hoes oml
1	get my name tatted, right by ya pussy 
1	 it's a song, ion kno y he referred to his future wife as a bitch
1	it's annoying as hell when girls tweet about "bae" all day. we don't give a fuck bitch. "bae" is somewhere cheating ri
0	52% of the world's mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians ; fish vanished between 1970 ; 2010:
1	wilson a hoe he said that shit 2 years ago
1	i told y'all... side bitches w motives are more powerful than u think... but i'm sleep.
1	know why the ultimate warrior died? god loves fag toosoon ? he was an anti-gay crusader so a little light jokes are necessary
1	needy, clingy men is why i have bitch issues
1	bitches would cheat on a nigga that give her everything she ask for and be loyal to shawty smh bitches ain't shit
1	csgo bitch.
1	but staying up gon be a bitch.
0	10 birds your grandkids may never see, thanks to climate change climate
1	ain't this a bitch---&gt; clock mistake in alabama-arkansas - via champ drive
1	touch my throbbing pussy
1	" i need a trippy bitch who fuck on hennessy "
1	this bitch just texted me out the blue bout want see her butt.
1	benzino is a bitch point blank period
1	i got hella hoes
1	this niggah know wassup
1	' entertain a flirtin ass niggah if you want too , that's gon be yo niggah friendly ass . 
0	the bengals have been trash for like 5 weeks it seems
1	how u going to talk shit from another state that's dat pussy shit
1	you'd like that wouldn't you fag
1	asha had a little voice in my head telling me to fuck with these hoes. wasn't kendra 
1	fuck yeah and hot big blk boots. this scally lad would get it.
1	man it's some bad built bitches in san antonio.....; if u can't wear a thong on the beach yo ass bet not retweet this
1	this stank bitch steady calling.. i wonder how she get my number
1	my roommate is eating so obnoxiously i wanna fucking slit his throat
0	i hope the trash i talk abt poor product doesn't hurt my chances of getting hired as a legal correspondent. i was jk cnn.
1	yes she is ghetto bitch"
0	marcus smart belongs on the celtics. both trash. it was destiny.
0	guess i will mess with it later not sure what else to do maybe trash it lol not yet maybe after i when the lottery
0	"that's what that means..some kid called me at like 1 in the morning asking me if i wanted to hit the slopes..."
0	he's definitely trash. but if bill cohwer or stanford 's head coach want the job i'd hire them. with a new gm of course
1	why do hoes think its a good idea to air out their dirty laundry at a public place? bitch im tryna enjoy my burrito
1	when bae fights your side hoe ; wins
1	the same people that be calling people hoes be the main ones sucking dick for a chalupa. worry bout you.
0	looking forward to sitting down with president obama for our 60th anniversary broadcast this sunday  ho
1	happy hour time best time of da day niggas don't know bout them happy hour hoes
1	kanye was like... "if any of you bitches even think about attacking me in the elevator"
1	how you settin' trends when you're rappin about wearing the same shit everyone else is wearin and rappin about? this mixtape is trash yo
1	ass slapping is one the greatest things. haha. " i slapped a girl on the ass. . she got mad i aint get pussy for a week
1	the fuck r u talking about i told u once and am going to tell u against nigga i love white bitch gtf bro
0	the guinea fowls are not what they seem.
1	just texted yea queer bait 
1	i love how bitches be talkin how the single life is the best life then bitchin and complaining how they need a boyfriend wtf
1	niiice my nigga schinder pullin hoes
1	bitch we rmp fuck who don't like i don't like 
1	ugh, white trash.
1	hahaha look at you tryin to be a bitch lol nice try though haha
1	fuck twerking, bitch can you cook?
1	alright i'll meet you there  and im not a fag , in fact brian don't give her shit
1	fuck all y'all hoes  gang shit 
1	i'm only on here cause my bitch tripping 
1	big bro thought he was on house party's pajama jam like a bitch
1	twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet , they need instagram jail for hoes doing shout out for shout out all 
1	musty pussy maggot bitches tryna lick my sac for riches. fuckemx3
1	is this retarded bitch really this stupid?
1	pussy prolly taste like heaven  
0	protest climate change, leaves trash behind. votingmatters
0	jay z verse trash.
1	pepsi cola ladies what does your pussy taste like?
0	figure all da ofay like to see my family pitcher
1	i know outback when i see outback, hoe.
1	my nigga calls fat bitches  porkers lmao
0	scores don't matter in spring training man
1	is little bitch an emotion? cuz i'm feeling it..
1	feel like a bitch for calling the cops on people but i'd rather this bitch go to jail then someone get hit by a wreck less driver.
1	so it turns out hope solo is one crazy bitch
1	eat that pussy like i got the munchies,
1	i say bitch bad, woman good, lady better lupe?
1	i could go for a fat ass bitch on my lap" same
0	lemmie eat a oreo ; do these dishes." one oreo? lol
1	my chest ima make a song called perez hilton and its gonabe about a gay party boy whos a fat slut with no bitches.
1	omg i was coughing and saw wiggas tweet  the fuckkk lol. talk about choking , 
1	u hella gay u never did quit subbing fag
1	don't wife a hoe ; end up like these 2
1	"u got my 200k bitch nigga"--al haymon to antonio tarver
1	if richnow doesn't show up with hella tinder hoes im not his friend anymore" chill i brought like like 8 prople
1	how do people even get crushes on me. im like a total bitch. 
1	lmfaoooooo gay as fuck  get these two faggots off my tl
1	and also.pussy..if my shit offends u..get off twitter..block me..and go suck a cock...
1	yeah it was a great one actually, i'm fucking hilarious bitches 
1	if you have chemistry the only other thing you need is timing.. but timing's a bitch.
1	told that hoe to suck it up, she got lips like rubber ducks
1	you did a good job doing that to me and not texting back faggot
1	 out bitch i'm winning 
1	fear no bitch
1	word to ray rice if i marry you ain't gone be no divorces bitch. only way outta this is in a box or in handcuffs.
1	you hoes don't deserve the respect you ask for
1	vin scully once called me a camel jockey. liesaboutvinscully
0	cookies n' cream oreo fudge ice cream
1	evilyn fierce  naughty girl next door pummels her pussy with a purpletoy
1	pretty motherfucker pull up in this bitch like
1	single ladies vs cuffed hoes 
1	why the fuck are the throwing batting practice tonight? holy shit...
1	throw some orange on dat bitch
1	wetback 
1	pop a molly? why don't you hoes start poppin some birth control 
1	so jealous of my parents and bryce gone to rednecks with paychecks for the weekend i should've gone 
0	me when somebody says childish gambino is trash
1	lot of my peeps playing 2nite, g playing against the heat, my nig louie playing against rutgers, and my girl tif playing in the wnba finals
0	the racists are and its crew of anchors. not "right wing " folks. mocks mixed gop kids.
1	why do the trashiest, really ghetto girls always get the most likes and comments on insta? boys up and down their pictures a
1	i plan on eating this entire motherfucking pizza i just ordered like a mufucka, bitch.
1	ain't none of these hoes loyal none of em if i cloud show y'all the stuff be coming thru my phone....but that ain't none of y'all business
0	space brownies 
1	nobody want no pussy 25 other niggas done had before
1	can't neva be a sucka for no bitch.. that ain't me
0	there was a bird on the back balcony, dead. with sadness i reflected on the fragility of life, put him in a bag, and threw him in the trash.
1	you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door 
1	fuck bitches get money
1	no that's what u think i just don't like pussy boys who run they mouth but they can't back they words up.
1	"waka tammy just got her ass beat"... ctfu how niggas be they don't ever have they bitch back 
0	ghetto bird can't fly away from my hood
1	yeah i'm trying to. ain't recorded in about a month. been spiraling downward mayne. an empty son of a bitch folk
1	well, there's "crazy bitch", and there's "you can look for that motherfucker's corpse, but you won't find
1	"i'm sorry but side bitches better than a wife in this era...check the stats b lol"
0	it's a bird...it's a plane...it's jake mcgee
1	shut up coon.
1	these hoes are hilarious these days 
1	bitch u been addicted to this for 2 years lmaoo
1	nothing is wrong wit staying down here to work at the plant.these little minded bitches need 2 fuckin stop being judgmen
1	yo main bitch that's my side hoe
1	yall hoes love football
1	and are faggots. kbye.
0	i think zlatan even has class in the way he talks trash
1	i don't tell bitches i show bitches
1	shine on them hoes, let em know that you run shit
1	you bitches make me sick
1	lmfaooo this bitch tongue longer than some niggas dicks
1	fucking twat xavi checking the grass haha
1	....you tink u done made a funny? nigga come lookatathehood&gt; i got nightclubs, trannies, crackheads, dealers, come at me&gt;
1	20 bitches in the lobby, its plenty bitches in the lobby
1	legendary year. speaking of '09, that years pussy was phenomenal.
1	yasss bitch you did it
1	lol the thirst be so real on dis bitch 
1	if i hold the door open for you, bitch you betta say thank you or imma slam the door in ya back.
1	was crazy about her. got to know her. she was a bitch. felt betrayed by my judgment.
1	kirk hinrich going fucking dumb out that bitch
0	you date colored men?
0	daggone it twins, kick it up a notch... time to beat the yankees...
1	in every cartoon theirs alway a saving these hoes lmao. lmao damn captain saveahoe
1	i'm not down to be a side bitch tho 
1	niccas dnt kno bout da art of finessin
1	well, wouldn't coast you that much but i don't see you going bass fishing with a bunch of rich rednecks either.
0	latest draftexpress mock draft has randle 3, cauley-stein 9, young 14, poythress 37. harrison twins ; dakari johnson a
1	sick ass goal ned worldcup2014
1	i want some.....i'm so damn tired of being in the fucking kitchen, a bitch is hot and needs a glass of wine and a back rub
0	denver tv airs clip of digging through trash in "ghetto aurora" to put black and mexican ballots to "good use.
1	i'd drive me crazy to have to be at that ghetto ass school everyday.
1	hey fag i &lt;3 you
0	clams to be a comedy writer. untrue
1	you just a twitter hoe
1	lmao omm you see the bitch tryna act like she ain't feel it ahaha
1	everyone liked evil me. this me is a pussy. fuck compassion.
0	ran outside mullet flowin', nips shown'. shotgunned a cold one and yelled, "saturday, welcome back you sexy beast. mer
1	i have no sympathy for people who bitch about situations they get themselves into.
1	if you have your friends jump into a fight, it shows that you're just an overall pussy.
1	" quick piece of pussy call it a drive by "
1	if u ask me, every bitch gayor "bi"
1	ready to make today my bitch.
1	haha yes niggah but yesterday night idk man it hit me at night like around 2 in the morning didn't go to sleep till like 4..
1	i was playing music in the kitchen and now my mom keeps asking tony "why give a bitch your heart when she rather have a purse?"
1	i'm making a t-shirt. it says "ke$ha, the white trash slut i wish i was." for teenage girls with shitty tasted in music.
0	can't be many things worse than having cops interrupted because a friggin yankee game is still going on.
0	i hate my dog's name.. it sounds so ghetto. 
0	once the brainwork is done on pacemakers at medical device companies, they call in the contract tinker toy engineers like sc_troll stribpol
1	"you are trash" me:
1	i only respect bitches that respect theyself. truu
1	a1 bricks in this bitch we in gucci house
1	i like bitches that like bitches
0	kentucky fried cater to da white folk. no colored menu
1	she's a hoe, she's ugly, she's a bitch, she's this, she's that .. but you dated her? please, take a seat.
0	you remember,it used to be funny coloured paper.
0	can raheel mock propphet muhammad in same way as he mocked lord ram and sita  will he apologise ?
1	kinda just wanna cruise and see if i see that colorful ass bitch walking around. best believe there will be one less clown on this earth
1	i do the shit you bitches is too pussy to do
1	the only thing about niccas is they be followers smh .. be ya self everyone else is taken
1	never would i put bacon grease on my face and let a werewolf eat my face to save a bitch. nope nope nope
1	run that nigga, you don't want that nigga, but i need a bad bitch that's hotter than me
1	poppy give me discounts bitch i get it for the lowww....naw fareal tho
1	lmaooooo we can't wash that baby ass honda you got cause that hoe don't cost more than 1200
1	when i be that pussy, i be calling you my bitch.
1	dizzy bitch 
1	mean bro fucking faggot
1	i'd have to go off on a bitch
0	a white lighter is bad luck, not yellow ur stupid
1	let's go see the wolverine hoe
0	mentions probably look like a septic tank. go ahead. meme me cosbymeme
1	this bitch said "bookie spend the night with me for a week" wait.. what? you got me fucked up lol
1	but i've made some hoes second guess themselves lol
1	s/o to all those girls who are curled up in a ball in their bed waiting for that goodnight text. go to sleep bitch, he 
1	too much shit going on to deal with another bitch nonsense ....
0	or she just cant afford winter clothes summer hoe = winter muslimah
1	i aint no killa but dont push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
0	feeling the crisp fall wind spinning around me and watching the colorful leaves fall like rainbow colored raindrops slowly
1	ion have a fb, niggas on twitter ain't worried about me, ; them ig nigga foe everybody so try again  my bffl got the hoes
0	or pollo
1	ayy might as well get. fat hoes don't even like abs nomo they like balla bellys
1	barry's hoe michelle is walking in now. ugly beast she is. sotu
1	i fuck with lux and his knowledge but mooks presence, delivery is connecting more to the people. crazy.
0	you mean the one i colored with crayons isn't copacetic?
1	got my bitch in her whip coming to pick me up
1	i still ain't got the time for a bitch to be acting iffy 
1	nomatter how much i'm feeling you, u can't compete with girls who throw the pussy. im just gonna always take the l
1	chase money  not  hoes  "
1	in my 25 years i've supported more niggas and bitches and they kids and well.. my gratitude has died.
1	fucking bitch
1	lol this girl makes fun of guys for having like light voices but i'm just like bitch your voice is like deeper than five men together wtf
0	some jihadi posted a bio of the isis boss mr awad with excellent sociological info. can't thank him/her enough for the gift.
1	i'm subtweeting my sister, hoe
1	drug buddy pussy money bitches weed
1	sooooooo true but i'm the pussy monsta
1	breezy gotta sleep this hoe
0	my nephew albino albinos have astigmatisms eye spasms partial blindness its not their faults
1	you girls be 13 talking about "i hate sleeping alone" .. well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear.
1	fat ass hoe holding up the machine
1	bad bitch, htown, keep it trill ya'll know ya'll can't fuck aroundddd
1	some croquettes for you hoes
1	i know you are a pussy ass coward that is weaker and smaller like gz
1	its the truth... we dont love these hoes 
1	the 6 commandments of being a hoe
1	these bitches ain't my bitches
1	a lot of women who claim they are yellow are actually red, color blind mother fuckas i'm yellow tho 
1	u ever kill a ant on the sidewalk and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some pussy
1	ima act like i hit that hoe then pass it like i was earlier
1	i have an embarrassment of bitches
1	niggas get married and start dissin single bitches smh you bitches want allowance and $200 dates and still singl
1	shout out to the bitches who like gum i be chewing that shit
1	blow up the pussy like hussein. bitch look at me crazy like who's sane?
1	bitch get outta here dumb ass lmao 
1	i turn bitches gay, they think all the other bitches can fuck like me.
1	lmaoo that bitch called on thor for some strength.  wait...
1	damn the bad thing about having side hoes is you can't get mad when they don't hit you up all day 
1	i was a made nicca when i was a young nicca
1	his hair so cute wit his sessy face but his ex bitch liked that picture to shit like fucc it
1	i can't take you hoes serious because she everything a nigga need in a woman.. some of y'all just look good ; that's it.
1	i never said you was a hoe guilty consents ass girl
1	them damn browniesi swear lmao
1	"i fucked your bitch cause she gave me a boner, she went down twice like adrien broner..." freckbars
1	i can't fuck a scary hoe.
1	fight me den hoe
1	bitches out here not lovin they self enuff for the both of us juheard
1	fag
1	i say if a girl got 7 bodies or more and she 20 or younger she a hoe this one not up for debate
1	wow my cuzin dont like lil snupe, this niggah trippin
1	with pills that nig will last 4 years. like magic j .that nig should hav died years ago. y'all the first team to draft gay.
1	yeah bitches. you know he was hot shit back in the day
1	fuk dat bitch lol voice
1	ya mom lick ass for christmas gifts bitch lol
1	david block that bitch
1	iont got no type naw bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	some of yall gorgeous women ain't so gorgeous when we realize you got a ugly bitch attitude.
1	ily hoe cheer up pretti
1	h8 fake bitches
1	whys this bitch wearing a striped tshirt and nike shocks
0	a person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world: someone to love, something to do, and something to ho
1	she know that im that niggah
0	i love liv when she gets ghetto
1	niggas be tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowing their bitch the next nigga bitch
0	whipped
1	who said you was cute byeeee mad bitch  come visit me
1	thank you for the lyrics, these bitches so gullible an sleep on your music they just be like aw u so sweet let me suck ur dick
0	funny thing is....it's not just the people doing it. it's the people who seeing these pics and judging the birds. just as wrong.
1	when i drink some beurs kid . plus ur a faggot anyways
0	too bad the optimism i have for the royals, you don't have for the twins take those "rose(ie) colored glasses off
1	you hoes getting outta hand
0	the african goshawk (accipiter tachiro) is a species of bird of prey in the accipitridae family. fou
0	gouache inktober oldpainting mt tiki wahine surf monkey bright happysunday peace wishing
1	it's so scary hoe annabella does everything i do , she acts just like me 
1	how do you bloke someone on insta?? dumb bitch scares me
1	fuck up you swole fag
1	your a nasty nigger whore
1	its cool its str8 i know y'all got the wrong bitch i understand
1	then bring yo bitch ass to town east mall let me know when u there bitch
1	haha the little shit talkier brought his other bitch
1	great pussy will have you doing shit you would think you would never do
1	youzza bitch
1	can i bring anotha bitch or nah 
1	you got wild bitches tellin you liessss
0	pumprules is on bravo...quality trash
1	shyt b pissing me off ugh i cannot stand bitches like that smh
1	of course killed it me and my sis rocked that bitch hard sadity committee
1	very wrong lmao this bitch literally tried to swallow someone in this movie
1	these bitches washed up, ain't no soap involved.
1	damn bro.. ps4 trash lol
1	bitch you look like one of the characters off of sesame street which yo ugly ass.
1	swing on her i really don't like this woman. old hag ass bitch.
1	i hit raw while im listening to papoose
1	so you gonna believe me,a cripple or a fuckn hippo??
1	these hoes ain't loyal
0	for real this game is pub trash let's do drugs and get smashed
0	done for the yankees
1	i wanna get this hoe on my arm with a diamond coming out of the cloud.. riprick
1	bitches be like, messy bun. 
1	bitch ass niggas claim to be yo homies then get on dirt .. all bitch ass niggaa can die slow
1	don't be a fool, wrap your tool ....unless you wanna be a ratchet white bitch at the clinic with 4 baby daddies. she's apparently exempt
1	it's amazing what hood bitches wear i they body and in they head
0	word, bird
1	i hate a dumb bitch.
0	"deme gallo pinto con carne asadita, madurito..y...una milca, amor"
0	this talking eggplant skurred af
1	never invest money into a broke bitch ..
1	lol bitch u a has been
1	fuckin moulinyan 
1	fellas: would you shit on a bitch if she asked you like that biggie skit? + i'll take my dick and go home.
1	shoutout to this bitch for unfollowing me like i didn't noticed you like my pics just to unlike them
1	they not evn hoes in silence anymoreproud of it .... then want respect
0	i'm only back cause i don't wanna see the boys lose to trash vote5sos
1	quit hurting these women cuz i'm tired of all the bitterness a nigga gotta go through cuz you a hoe ass nigga.
1	that hoe is live though
1	if that nigga santa come to the hood niggas gonna rob him for his sleigh and his ho ho hoes
1	if you're going to be a bitch and not come to the show because some bands dropped then w/e. more moshing room for me in that 
1	this bitch so ratchet
1	i hate when bitches get lame 
1	bae: "come over" me: "i'm tryna catch a pokemon" bae: "i'm horny tho" me: "bitch it's a fucking mewtwo"
1	yall saying you wouldnt eat her pussy? more for me
1	that damn lispy mouth bitch knows.good in hell well tara wasn't a damn roommate damn rocks for brains man lol
1	just might fuck yo main bitch. dats just how i feel 
1	chicks be mad at me for tweetin about hoes like i'm talkin about a specific someone lol sorry ladies if the shoe fits then wear it
1	bitch gon bounce when boosie rapping dey probably scared not too
1	make your first impression with me the best or like nino brown ima cancel that bitch
0	noap. not taking them. maca root pills making my vagina do the wop
1	bitch you didn't feed me. you asked my to buy you a burger  lmfaoooooo no 
1	he said that bitch look like a praying mantis tho ctfu
1	y'all be letting ya side bitches in the house y'all trippin
1	i hate when bitches say "bro" and "bruh"
1	my niggah my niggah...
1	you wonder why i call you bitch ... you wonder why i call you bitch -2pac
1	forte just trucked dude hoe ass lol
1	what y'all hoes up to?
0	i don't blame crash for not sharing with you you'll probably talk trash about it like you do food trucks geoffhatespuppies
1	instead of calling each other hoes, girls should be supporting each other. idk that's just me though.
1	when a bitch i don't like laugh at my joke
1	that awkward moment when a hoe says she's not a hoe.
1	finished the essay and the quiz bitch
1	if yall niggas gon be gay, why yall gotta be so over the top? dressing up in bitch shit that women wouldnt even dare wear. smh.
1	yeah if you get in trouble its less than a .5 percent chance that its a mistake. so you're a fucking retard.
1	i cut you out of my life for a reason you stupid bitch.. don't follow me on twitta
1	"baby i like being on your left side" no bitch you can't be there cuz the street on that side and twitter said i ain't real if you do
1	50 shades of shut your bitch ass up
1	' you niggahs actin like hoes , i can sale those 
1	missouri got them swag fags lmao
1	pussy
1	ion care fuck that hoe 
1	"facto who cares if you a hoe when your ass looks like this?
1	listen here you beautiful bitch, i'm about to fuck you up with some truth.
0	should oscar go to or computer that turned him into an ape? no...the computerscience major movie
1	i don't love these hoes
1	i am absolutely speechless.that bitch is crazy.
1	these bitches wanna fuck me, cuz dat molly got dem high
1	report me for what bitch? you need to read the twitter rules and guidelines. this ain't facebook cunt.
1	lol ive gotten into with retards on here who actually think i am my avi -_-' ive gotten called ugly black bitch. like......
1	another bad bitch fuck her for a hour another cigarette another nut another shower
1	now when i put this pussy on vivian she bet not be playing 
1	bitch you subtweeted him
1	none here chantel lol there has got to be some hoes. water's edge is too big for there not to be any."
0	as soon as a democrat gets a chance to ? the political hack foxnews goes to commercial then back with bolton lmao teabaggers benghazi
1	when kanye said "i don't need your pussy, bitch. i'm on my own dick."
0	adam west? lmao this is trash b
1	i'm ugly so don't worry about me having hoes.
1	this bitch had horseradish ponytail today she. dyed her bald head ass hair red and put that bitch in a pony tail smh
1	if yo name wus in this song you wus a hoe then, ; a overgrown thot now....
1	now a days, hoes be twerkin for new weave.
1	do i have time for these hoes ? no no no no no no \_ no no no 
1	and she gave this nigga head while i was laying next to her while she had a bf  she's a hoe on the low
1	it's unfortunate that everyone thinks i'm a bitch before they even meet me chronicbitchface sorryimscary 
0	jihadis specifically asking for international schools in saudi to be targeted realthreat
1	everybody think i get hoes and think ima playa but honestly im in my crib wondering bout if my mom making yellow or whi
0	a pissed lad past out. i would lick his dirty soles while he slept.
1	everybody is being a bitch at my house
0	birds of a feather. go away
1	the shit that you bitches brag about is hilarious
1	on sale ass hoes
1	follow ah bitch on ig tho 1inkkofrosess
1	i am lowkey tired." ...if you tired, be quiet and go to sleep hoe
1	ifthepurgewasreal i'd be the best prostitute and madam ever. hey, if you got pussy, you shouldn't be broke, right? lmao jk
1	lebron gone dunk that hoe like that with ease
1	black dynamite  "all the hoes gone? my dick harder than slavery" *wall-slides*
1	just because you have a issue and your attorney is out of town doesn't mean you can be a bitch to me. next time don't get in trouble
1	today is the only day you hoes get a pass for being a fool
1	lol youuuuu got niggas but i don't got bitches
1	eating pussy on top of my shoulders
1	why bitches get so hype an mad when u asked if they suck dick like yes or no telly tubby
0	yaya ho.. cute avi tho i had no idea she was sleep 
0	i would describe work as blaxican.
1	my friends the 2014 malibu has the legroom and ventilation necessary for professional pussy-eating. visit your chevy d
1	but i didnt get a write up thank god lol dumb white bitch
1	' i ain't trippen off you no mo  i done dropped you  knocked 4owe  i could neva be a foo for a hoe  i put...
1	"will shank a bitch for ceviche"
1	when mfs tell you who you talk to and it ain't true..like no bitch
1	all bitches wanna do is beef over niggas  grow tf up a get ya priorities straight 
0	just remember to keep the skirt dark colored. it camouflages all that pan dimensional gore
0	wow, henry waxman gets caught in a classic charlie leduff segment after charlie comes to dc for today's gm hearing:
1	took .1 of molly (gonna die) pussy ass bitch
1	niggas swear they love a honest bitch tho  he salty bm
1	life aint shit but bitches an money i pass that weed like i studied
1	we out dis bitch 
0	thats ghetto..
1	i hate stupid bitches who cry for stupid reasons
1	i'll fuck a bitch real quick
0	mariano rivera now has a street outside yankee stadium named after him, which giants have also had similar honors:
1	how much does your wife wet pussy want another dick. big head
1	' when it comes to pussy i have no fucking friends' - hostel iii is really what we're watching right now
1	naw bitches want attention not respect... real women want respect truth
1	it ain't nothin to cut that bitch off
1	about all u can expect from a nicca that can barely talk lmao dude can't spell worth shit yo lol
1	well, maryland is just a bunch of hateful rednecks, anyway.
1	"i have this lady-love she's married, but i still wanna bang her she won't have sex with me what a bitch" ~a troubadour, probably
1	bitch your unknown u dont have a mixtape and you damn sure cant rap, u couldn't rap if your life depend on it
1	wyo bitch
1	true but then again i'm my opinion a hoe is someone who goes and sleeps with everybody
0	yellow shirt hat turnt to da side
1	never put nothin pass these hoes cause all of these hoes straight ratchet
1	straight guys take a picture of themselves naked in a hot tun.what fags
1	lightskin mf lmfaooo ight white bitch lol 
0	retweet if you see the bird.
1	kratataaaaa swag bitch
1	better bitch:)
1	i don't care if it's a "saying" calling someone a bitch is still calling someone a name.
1	i glads dis colored man cans be of soyvice fo da white man
1	how dare insult that pearl harbor vet. you are a dumb cunt.
1	why ur profile a one armed nigger?
1	this hot ass black girl from twitter goes to wohs lol. that's cray. i thought she was some alias ass bitch from miles away
0	plenty of kobe vs. dwight trash talk after the game, too.
1	kicked the soul outta dis bitch
1	i wish you wood, like a tree in this bitch
0	dayum saterlyt shoz un bayg ho-ul
1	omg fat bitch. what's her
1	bitch get off twitter and text me back i love u
0	lemme guess you wore the hilly hicks sweats/leggings 
1	lol you tell that bitch
1	i can turn yo bitch into a eaterrrrrrrrr"
0	if mccoy wasn't trash that's a td
1	butler unchained review short version, whitey sucks and a potentially positive film is simply anti-white agitprop.
1	but i ain't mad at her prejudice dad, that's the best damn pussy i ever had
1	i was down for a minute , them bitches left a nigga them hoes forgot about me , like they neva met a nigga
0	i agree 100%. no naturalized citizenship, no anchor baby amnesty. all go to parents country of origin.
1	yeah hoe.
1	let a bitch try me try me, ima swing her to the whole mf family 
1	fight night tonight, go cotto. smack that pompous cunt down in front of millions. mayweathercotto
1	pantera - 5 minutes alone 5 minutes, pussy boy..i'll crush you.
1	fuck my throbbing pussy slowly
1	get off my twitter fag
1	dat nigga lame bro he unfollowed me like a bitch
1	do you work today niglet?
1	not all females constantly tweet about their boyfriends but i wish death on the ones that do. tired of you and him, bitch
1	yes good shapely eurotrash manbooty
1	countin all my hoes nigga, thats all i knows nigga
0	charlie sheen is the man lol
1	liberals threaten my life everyday on here. so don't mind me while i'm a total jackass to their butt hurt pussies right 
1	"don't let your side bitch settle in, i might have to headbutt you evelyn"
1	if i was stranded on a desert island and i could only bring 1 thing, i would bring dora. that hoe has everything in that backpack.
1	i hate when bitches twerk to slow songs 
1	two days gone she been gone so long you can't get her on the phone cuz that bitch done been wit meeeeee
1	bad bitches is the only thing that i like
0	my son, wyatt: "do rednecks have mullets to keep from getting red necks?"
1	you a stupid hoe
1	niggas always wanna talk about how god is against gays.. what about that pussy you was eating last night? ain't god ag
1	bitches jus love to get me madd
0	"obama is out on the golf course still looking for his balls." -charlie daniels
1	no, you stupid redneck, "animal husbandry" does not mean you can get hitched to your blue tick hound, misty.
1	your a fag
0	fine i'll settle for an oreo milkshake
1	niggas talk more than bitches these days...
1	people love to try to confront you... yes bitch. i said it. now what?
1	how to get bitches
1	are you working on route running and catching. you'll be a good wr for grier. have fun with the white trash, racist uf fans. fsu
1	stoni is a fuckin queer...
0	don't you mean crowd not crows
1	who is she? y'all hype that bread loaf chick up but i'm a chill a dyke rapper
1	people tend to bitch about coaching too much, but offensive playcalling has killed the ags. indefensible at this point.
1	we should hang out ovenjew. have a lot in common. people waste time on nigs. jews r r problem.
1	smh iont understand it but fuck it more hoes for me 
1	lou is such a lil bitch
0	sick and watching the yankees game
1	niggas want a good girl but still wanna fuck with hoes but that ain't gone work. gotta pick one boy stfu
0	now jimmy want to talk trash would've ,should've, could've now, chris stop talking and spitting
1	savages day is like coloreds dat wrap day hoes like mummies
0	i had froyo with brownies for dinner tonight. being an adult is making these executive decisions
0	the most beautiful women i've met have bruised souls, tired eyes, ; quiet smiles. the survivors. the ones who know abo
1	half tempted to go outside and run my phone over with my car because it's such a piece of shit. fuckiphones do it pussy
1	hoo boy... these guinea pigd love to shit. shouldn't have ordered the full dozen
1	them trick niggas splurge on the pussy, yo you give me one day, i'll purge on that pussy yoooo
1	ima miss smiley and graham and daniel tho, they were pretty cool to me when i was there, ima beat andrews bitch ass every day
1	i hate these mo'ne davis commercials. bitch is gonna end up either a dyke or a loser like every other female.
1	how do bitches peep everything but still getting cheated on something not adding up
1	why should there be an age limit on movies? it ain't their fault if a 13yr old is traumatized from an r rates film bunch of pussies
1	don't worry about my old bitch or my next bitch
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect /
0	charlie crist, outlawed, hated, rediculed and vilified for shaking the president's hand. what a country what a democracy
1	can't worry about a bitch that ain't worried bout me" real
1	yo bitch she boof she got that throwbac pussy
1	this is great loser ; coward grabbed my iphone and threw it in the street. he's a pussy.
1	my favorite time of da day happy hour drinkbreakwhen the bad bitches come out and the ok hoes at home doing make-up
1	bbl gonna go sob over gay bird babies.
1	what to do after the game....home alone and nothing to do...someone come chill?:) maybe go swimm ima do ya bitch
1	at this hispanic church. jesus please respond to her you a hoe for this
1	yo bitch look like a boogawolf
1	and dis shit is for the birds 2
1	females always talk about how on point their nails and eyebrows are, okay bitch your personality is still shit though.
1	watch out nigger lovers. you day is coming.
1	bitches rather be petty with his hoes instead of posting bail now that ah really fck em up.....psa
0	wow such banana so potassium much yellow
1	ur still secretly lookng at tommy lee's cock jesus christ 4getaboutit that's a ghetto dream
1	bitches always uploading pics of a famous couple doing simple shit, like holding hands talkin bout "want this" bitch r
1	got these bad bitches waiting on me
1	niggas who talk about pussy the most get the least what a shine box? glittery pussy?
1	if one more fb idiot bitches about the weather, i will hunt them down ; kill them with kindness because everyone is enti
0	gm....don't be the bird that didn't get the worm today gostampsgo84
1	i'm gonna kill bitches today.
1	when i die bitch fuck my hologram doe* there taylor
1	i'm glad you hoes ain't my momma
1	dat bitch a tampon
1	bitch got me acting crazy as hell lately
0	eating a roasted potato and smiling till my cheeks are sore; the crow sfx in this cape crisis are super-great
1	on ya pussy rap sheet it's a whole lot of bros
1	i think i'm addicted to naked pictures and sitting taking bout bitches that we almost had
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | lingerie | bitch in lingerie getting her wet cunt pounded
1	whore slut cunt bitch nigga
1	"you bummy hoes can't do this" ur right sis. most i do is splash some peppermint soap on it. other shit ain't necessary.
1	you da bess, you deserve a crown bitch
1	that's ya bm tho that ain't my hoe.
1	feminist aka a bitch.
0	chillin with my homie or whats left of him: british rapper turned isis jihadi poses with severed head tcot
0	oreo cheesecake bites
1	lol send dat nicca clean out talmbout some n what if he really is 
1	some of yall hoes nasty yall find out yall sharing or shared dick with a dirty ass female and still fuck the nigga 
1	verizon customer service is trash as fuck. i've been in the store haven't been greeted or nothing.
1	resisting the urge to smack a bitch
1	bitch shut up and hand me some of those flowers you selling, the light is about to change.
1	it is fucking retarded how i can't say a single thing in this house without some blowback.
1	omg bitch go to sleep it was just a coincidence huh ? 
1	all i heard was i'm a bitch nigga
1	i don't want a bitch that a nigga already had i want sumn new ... or a runner it's too easy nigga i accept the challenge
1	i figured that if hoes wanna play games, fuck em and leave em :)
1	thats some hoe shit doe
1	i fucked your bitch ,  how you feel?
1	okay so i know i'm like ten years late but i freaking hate ana sofia from lost fuck that dumb bitch wtf is her problem 
0	nope, never taken neighbors actual stuff. just wifi. acct info in their trash cans at 3am. super easy.
0	tell him that you chose (a) not to trash the environment while trying to save it like a hypocritical douc
0	the afl now has an american draft system bearbrother couple of yanks are on the playing lists at so
1	i will not leave my nigga but you can be my bitch too idgt 
1	10thingsthatgetsonmynerves needy hoes, ratchet hoes, sideline hoes, beggin' hoes, dumb hoes, looking for love on facebook hoes..
1	im trying to come back as a fine ass bitch next lifetime....
1	i am funny bitch
1	lmfao wtf niggas on here really retarded  i'm tf out
1	"i heard you was looking for candy man, bitch"
1	once bitches get the d...
1	talkin' bout bitches gettin' butthurt am i right?
0	love you too my nig squad
1	they not gonn comment cause they in the closet hoes lol team getchoassoutdatcloset lol
1	fat bitch
0	sitting alone watching white chicks, no pants, fuzzy blankets, tea || turn up
1	back off ya queer bag
1	the fuckin hoes
1	l7 niggas will rock anything a bad bitch post post on these social sites.. "i just want a nigga to sniff a fart off my ass crack like dope."
1	stop being a hoe
1	what did you search? gay redneck episode 1 play?
0	cheese crackers lacking
0	he's still a pogue though
1	lmao bruh oooooo let me find a shooting star so i could wish a bitch would
1	don't fuck with girls that wear beanies
1	shame that your mama didn't teach you not to call women "bitch". well, we all ain't that fortunate, i guess.
1	come for the brothas and other moc about culture differences like... bitch plz
0	breaking: florida pro-life gov. rick scott defeats pro-abortion challenger charlie crist tcot
1	everybody fucking everybody bitch everybody with the shit ....that's life 
1	these niggas in gangs jus be tryna fit in or jus be tryna get somebody to ride fa em or wit most of u niggas bitches
1	nationaldoughnutday bitch get at me 
0	because their parental unit is trash.
1	these bitches want the next best thing
1	hell no man i'm retarded good at situps.. that run was weak tho
0	"my first adult decision i made in college was to buy a guinea pig noragrets alsonobeermoney" - university if iowa
1	my tweet wasn't really about you. but if the shoe fits, then lace that bitch up and wear it.
1	can't spell slut without u, bitch.
1	if fleek in yo vocabulary you a faggot"
1	man y'all hoes gotta chill with this going natural bullshit, it's only a few who can actually pull it off but the rest 
1	' i don't like when niggahs be like " where yo bitch at ? " na i'll check you on that idc who you is , mine you...
1	these hoes be dying for attention 
1	you motherfuckin' bullshit slingin' son of a whore you disgraced all vets with ur crap. now go off to pussy land where u belong
1	pussy
1	got my mind made nicca ... fuk u pay me
1	your bitch only wanna fuck when you doing something that has nothing to do with her.like playing video games or watching the game.
1	im not finna beg a nigga to fwm, nor will i beg a bitch to be my "friend"  fuck y'all thought?
1	 bitches aint shit
1	you're a little bitch, and i'm straight up rude.
1	ur a lil bitch if you don't have your read receipt on shady
0	wiz is garbage to be put in the trash can known as beyonc to be put in a dumpster known as the vmas.
1	i don't care how old i am, when you put me in front of a bag of takis i'll eat that bitch
1	who the hell needs permission for anything from that fat-assed, ghetto whore?
1	smoking skating twerkingi'm innat hoeyas
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | hairy | hairy pussy
0	dat da bad thing bout being colored. day bring me in to fight but don't vite me to da victory partay
1	it was paul mccartney faggot
1	they trash though?
0	do birds have dongs? how do they mate? help me, i'm an adult who doesn't know how animal sex works
1	hahahahaa fuckin crow looking bitch
1	my barber not bein able to cut my hair yesterday really prevented me from goin to the club and gettin mad bitches b he owe me 3 free cuts
1	lemme make sure i got this right. as good as the pussy is, i'm supposed to pull out when i bust? nigga please.
1	my brother a faggotsmh
1	i wish i was born in a different generation , cause yall just make my pussy bones hurt . sicken ass children .
1	cancel that bitch like ninooo
1	keep to myself this year bitches reckless
1	money first woman second but you hoes are last
1	tf do i look like, delivery bitch or what ahaha
1	what the holy fucking hell is going on at the epa, those over-zealous cunts, i can't wait for 2016
0	i miss the pizza the passion.
1	ebola not scary at all while yall worried about ebola ima b getting hoes
1	me and my nig be running shit in miami on the court, we only lost one game in 3 days
1	man that nigga courage always bein a bitch. hit dat shit lil nigga
1	snail hoe: my parents just left, they gonna be gone for 15 mins.. snail: ok ? snail hoe: im horny af snail:...
1	wigga wigga wigga wigga wigga
1	my pussy sweet like watermelon thotermelon
1	stfu trash
1	these hoes are loyal plot twist
0	charlie furbush whydidigoogle
1	i only bring up lat name to the hoes i know with kids because they need to know
1	shut up chink.
0	my flow retarded 
1	dumb bitch don't know her colors 
0	redsox, focus on the orioles that knocked you out last year, and not your hatred of the yankees for um-teen years lol
1	niggers are so ignorant
1	an orangutan once tried to have sex with actress julia roberts.smart monkey
1	these bitches gotta realize that "their nigga" wants me  if he doesn't now he did several occasions before 
1	not just exist, but contribute. and contribute to things they themselves enjoy. that often it's a queer person behind those products.
1	bitch please, are you trying to say i was closer to philly than you
0	(u-turns on yellow) no aceptar este luz rojo ( lights taking too long make me bilingual )
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	retarded pussy games notpc
1	and weres bitch boy ?
1	but she a bad bad bitch make you late for it.
1	when waka said, "suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku"
1	instead of joining sports teams, hoes be joining twerk teams.
1	these bitches don't care they just play that role."
1	u a faggot if u heat up leftover pizza
0	look ghetto but it work
1	why is it always the fat bitches talking shit?
1	iycmi. i can't get any work done if you keep showin off your bitches.
1	my bitch educated, had her clients pay the payments
1	ive never seen this part of pussy town before... lolololol the end of this song thoo....
1	i got california love fuckin bitches to that pop shit
1	when you make a joke and someone you hate laughs and you're thinking: "no bitch you aren't allowed to laugh".
0	lmaooo naw man yo want in u serious bro?? lol 2-3:10am early bird special
1	fuck that shit i'm out this bitch
1	it already soaked, sinked, ; melted so dropped that's shit bitch idgaf linc up or get caught 
0	yeah sorry monkey team just keeps kicking ppl, waiting for muh pizza
0	i was accused of never taking a full front face shot, so here is one. no slant or angle or nothing. :)
1	all the hoes know each other 
1	you're such a darkie.
1	chasing these hoes, better get cash nigga
1	i'm outside your house comeout this bitch
1	young, attractive, successful, supportive, faithful man w his own everything..u think bringing solely pussy to the table is 
1	when it come to bitches.... niggas will get dirty
0	i just need the yankees to win the pennant
1	this bitch needs to turn off her shitty music 
1	better not have any bitch ass people in my classes tomorrow
1	if yer gonna continue to be a contrarian bitch... go die then. i've no time for such trifling
1	just more teabagger babel. these are the same fucks that masturbated to - they just hate it when gays r successful.
1	when an irrelevant bitch dislikes u for no reason 
1	fuck fleeto like, id cut you cunts up :/
1	my dick, your bitch on it.
1	bitch got arms like piccolo
1	nobody understands me besides my day 1 bitch, please come back bc i'm tired of these females thinking they know me.
1	you bitches with a cup boobs need to stop wasting money on bras and just buy some tank tops like the rest of the homies.
1	the next time i see this bitch i'm beating her ass. job or not. lol
1	happy another group of 365 days, you weird ass son of a bitch. that's why we all love you, though. hoping there are riots in h-town
1	when it rains it's good "go to the mall weather" all the coons be at home
1	my nicca
0	yellow rice black beans and pork chop sis
1	side bitches are basically new relationships started.an addition to the problems you already have with your primary woman.
1	if you arent going to stick to one garbage can for recycling im not going to give a single fuck about where im putting my trash.
1	hookers are always complimentary-who wants to be with a bitch?
1	i remember when it was "watch out for her, she has cooties" now, it's "stay away from that hoe, she has herpes."
1	guess who stole/fucked yo bitch?
1	idk maybe it's just me being bitter but giving bitches money and just being a genuine nigga ain't got me nowhere so fuck that. struggle hoe.
0	 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope --top rated spa 718-622-0221 - 24
1	lmaooo fag
0	conan o'brien mocks the new call of duty game while getting killed repeatedly.
1	nigga messed with the wrong bitch
1	lol thanks bitch hahah vegas ain't ready for us lol
1	chatt niccas love doin dat brah
1	she got every niggah lookin like dam
1	i wish i never met that bitch bro on god
1	wcw goes out to all the women with their shit together because these pretty bitches get way too much credit for being cute w
1	fuck this fat mexican bitch.
1	i don't need no savin' i need to get fucking high and get some pussy.
1	bitch bitch bitch
1	there may be a fag hag switch a 'comin
1	these people at jury selection are retarded
1	"you smell like weed..." and bitch you smell like sober.
1	lmfaooo how many "returns" has this faggot gotten?
1	when i'm 18 them bitches getting erased 
1	since you hoes wanna be childish 
0	cincy fans talk trash about the city of cle and then root for the like they belong. stillcle cleallday gobrowns
1	girls that want to hold on to they hoes and act like they can't show off they boyfriends
1	"omg october is gonna be the best month ever" basic bitch
0	this crow in aberdeen just won at photobombing (pic by steve black] - via
1	man some of these bitches are in denial about it. 
1	w bitch
1	g's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this.
1	baby i can make that pussy raaain often.
0	my favorite dc restaurant is charlie palmers.
1	i'm colored. ain't supposed to be no good influence
1	nigga i will get dick cheese and force you to eat it bitch
1	i'm from southchicago so i know it's bad but...bitch, it ain't like you live in englewood foh
0	norwalk ghetto af lol all of a sudden everyone a dodger and raider fan
1	you become retarded
1	smh they gotta grow up  at least you know these bitches want to be you  i swear 
1	don't follow me and unfollow me, you are retarded
1	on a scale of 1-10 this bitch is literally a 6
1	hahahhahaa your boyfriend trash ma, stop tryna convince yourself otherwise in these tweets
1	yall hoes don't cook on sundays no more huh?
1	am going to hurt more then your bitch ass feelings
0	designer belt with a trash fit is still trash..
0	elect democratic nominee charlie hardy to u.s. senate. wy defeat tea mike enzi. tntweeters cir
1	 in the yellow is rock hard
1	currently taking over ur bitches brain with my creativity and wierdness.
1	pop a molly? why don't some of you hoes start popping birth control
0	aurora is more ghetto then the bellos 
0	s/o to my mom came home to tacos and brownies 
1	"i let ma chain hang low..." "two chains..." "gold all in ma chain..." "i keep a chain ana hoe..." "niggas staring at ma chai
0	first key club trash pick up with the freshman tbt
1	you didn't even pass esl yet you bitch lmao
1	that rocket blowing up reminds me of that time in college when i blew a tranny. but in my defense, i was drunk. both tim
1	you can ride for a nigga ya whole life new pussy fuck it up in one night
1	fuck her rite in the pussy
1	" cancel that bitch like nino "
0	i love jigg jigg
1	hoes be on some "august alsina is bae." no bitch that dusty nigga you got 2 kids with who drives yo car ; still wears rocawe
1	these kids man real life kids not even over 18 n bucking bitch sit yo stupid ass down
1	so jus don't be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao
1	when a hoe tryna get at you while ya girl is looking
1	what a dirty girl haha  cat pussy pets
1	it was nice of you to unfollow me, fag
1	the browns schedule for the first half of the year is literally retarded easy.
1	finger my throbbing pussy flaps
1	on some real nigga shit some bitches need slapped...
1	yes u hoe
1	ima call his retarded ass
1	you niggas that would rather your girl wear jeans and js instead of a tight dress and heels are faggots..
1	can't stand a sob ass bitch
1	omg&gt; i was throwing beer bottles on street and yelling at drunk homeless people to stop harassing the trannies.... game6 torturebaseball
0	seriously, reading 'thriller' like books spook me more than most horror movies. bookgeek
1	tweetlikepontiacholmes i do the pontiac sprinkler... nigga nigga nigga nigga spic spic spic spic nigga nigga nigga nigga
0	i hear the birds in the summer breeze; i drive fast; i am alone at midnight.
1	jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're a right cunt.
0	this is why charlie sheen is an idol
1	oreos: first you twist it, then you- aw crap, it broke.
1	blac chyna's ass should've threw him off first of all. it's wop sided and those cheek piercing trashy as hell.
1	brandon is so annoyingand a lil bitch
1	me: you're a hoe hoe: you wasn't saying that august 12, 2014 at 7:22 pm me: well you're a hoe today on october 1st 2014 at 
1	"maybe she wants to be more than your friend or maybe she's a stupid bitch. you never know until you make her cum." 
1	and girl that pussy ain't shit to me, baby girl roll up and get high
1	white kids favorite activities 1. calling people "niggers" on xbox 2.fucking their pet 3. shooting up their school
1	you assholes know that referring to a girl as "bitch" doesn't make your dick any bigger, right?
1	i actually just hate the bitches on here
1	i'm in love with mary jane and codine i don't love these hoes
1	do bitches still love sosa? lmfaoooooooooooo
1	it's moe's monday ten ten ten twenties on yo titties bitch
1	i got a dyke wit a child as whse mgr, and she jus hired another girlboy dis week....
1	sounds like a hoe
1	i be sayin i'm done drinkin everyday but then one of my friends hit me up like "i gotta case" and only faggots turn down free beer
1	my boots get me bitches so
1	that bitch a tha tha
1	keebler elves gone have to make weed brownies when it's legalized. in da tree trunk but da trap going crazy. bro that shi
0	looking forward to ncaa and nba basketball  in the states soon iubb hoosiers pacers pacernation and of course breadsticks.
1	i hate when bitches "been thinking" smh
1	we just chasing o's round here. we ain't chasing hoes round here .  
1	they told me to fuc wit bitches but never trust em they told me they my niggas but i never trust em
1	resisting the urge to smack a bitch
1	niggas drop outta high school ; get a job at mcdonalds talkin bout "on my grind" lmao okay, grind me up a oreo mcflurr
0	yankees offseason plan: sign sandoval, move a-rod to first base, shoot teixeira and throw his corpse in the east river. y
1	you can ask yourself if you trust clegg, cameron and miliband, or you can vote yes and never think about the cunts ever a
1	see you on the tron side bitches.........
0	yeah, but sting was already a proven draw. this is apples and oranges. he signs people with the sole purpose of burying them.
1	keep your avi hoe
1	look here i'm a thirsty ass bummy ass bitch ass 17 year old niqqa. ; i jus wanted to know if i can get a follow back please
0	oxtails and yellow rice is blasphemy boneless
1	going dumb on this essay bitch you sad.
1	"playoff hockey sucks." dude, have a snickers. you're retarded when you're hungry.
1	i'm a stretch that pussy out
1	only a fuckin" retard liberal would think xmen is about "them". no. jesuschrist was a mutant&gt;
0	pussy. it's science. donaire via rachel spelling error
1	none of my bitches can stay over
1	that should read suck on my bacon encrusted middle finger muslim twats
1	bitch change draws
1	these hoes crazy yo.
0	thats my fav part on take carewhole album trash
1	if a bitch makes u moan during sex she owns your soul. 
1	real bitches (like me) make sure you get some even when they not. lol
0	oreo frappuccino
0	charlie please stop. from 1 ole fart 2 another...
1	pussies
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | hairy | hairy pussy
1	slim niggah but you know i love em thick
0	lol then they have one more flavor i think it's yellow idk.. but yea there bomb.
0	that's for the birds.
1	my bitch was so loaded last night 
1	if you ask me every bitch gay. true dat true dat
0	pregnant s.e. cupps classic response to liberal dem who calls her chunky  with bonus tweets via
1	99 problems but a bitch ain't 1
1	studies show that you're a faggot
1	u a stupid hoe
1	say how you do that i got this lil bitch who ain't getting the memo
1	they be tryna b on the low but one day these bitches gonna realize some niggas talk more then them l
1	the emoji i use when i'm flirting wit bitches ---&gt; 
1	taught ma lil niggah how to treat a girl
1	u guys are fags.
1	y'all men need to watch these "cream pies" bitches be having yeast infections ; on a 7 day monistat treatment. know the difference
1	ion care about none of these bitches
1	your bitch always said she wanna fuck a real nigga
1	i knw these bitch niggas frm way back... if u was ah pussy in 2000 u ah pussy now
1	ima beast dese niggas food so ima jus eat dat, if dat pussy bad big poppa gon beat dat
1	take a bitch to soho for some froyo, tell her she gon blow it, romo
1	no need to tweet these bitches know my status
0	i have really light colored eyebrows naturally and it's not ok
1	"i went to jail for a flock, ; came home wit a strike.. you went to jail as a bitch, came home as a dike"-
1	come get this catfish pussy
1	hoes will be hoes.
1	when you hoes gone learn second place don't get a prize?
1	dont raise ur hand to me niggah
1	quit being a bitch
1	he's just a cunt and nobody likes him. he should choke on shit
1	shout out to you ungrateful, inconsiderate bitches... i'm taking this shot for you...... yea, you 
0	lance stephenson trash talk didn't affect anybody but lance stephenson
1	who can vouch for ya pussy tho k?
1	kicking niccas tf outcha mentions like
1	"ate pussy for the first time today. all i have to say is ... i think i may have a new favorite food"- michigan
1	i just want to beat the fuck out of everyone that stares at me like bitch stahp
1	long as my bitches love me  
0	we found your brother charlie out working on the dishes today dsn50 nasasocial
1	victor ; shawn legs don't hurt? they jigg every damn night 
1	bitch im is not bout to get no damn flu shot....ion care if it is free....
1	 a piece of pussy
1	some bitches need to get a life 
1	bitch i'll fuck you up
0	parsons trash
1	fuck ya main hoe now she claimin mob hav her brake ya heart wen i rob ya inda daark
0	we now know more about twinkies and how old the earth is than what happened in benghazi.
0	i like where ur domes at smart
0	kaaspiet,bloempiet.?lol men weet van gekkigheid niet meer hoe ze simpele oplossing tegen racisme moet maken.zolang maar blanke beslissing is
1	you worried bout other bitches, you need me for?
1	ya but you can't because its a real account dumb bitch i go to wams fucking bitch
1	would this faggot survive in tj?
1	yelled out "come on bitch" at myself, by myself, lifting weights as motivation...thanks guys, you always have my back.
1	blaxican
1	why does this faggot in front of me have to get two dozen doughnuts right now, get the fuck on
0	this bitch thincc she dress coding me 
1	stupid bitches can't handle the johns
1	like my 3rd grade teacher used to say, "you either eat pussy, or you are one. what's it gonna be?"
1	"foreign chick, no lie.. man that bitch beautiful"
1	real nigga rules: if u drop the blunt u gotta pass that bitch. u don't even get to hit it
0	i uploaded a video update on uganda anti-gay bill: freemasonry, anglo-american influence, and
1	majority of these females yall gassing selling pussy , prostituting , escorting , tricks all that ... don't be fooled 
1	girl you know i was spitting that g shit to you ; you was going lbvs"bitch plz
1	niggas gossip like hoes i'm sleep tho
0	jose soto: reflections of a former gay teabagger
1	bill romanowski is still a cunt. who saw that one coming.
0	so the ball did roll down the slope ; found a natural spot defending brother ; the scumbag
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | homemade | using my submissive bitch outdoor. home made amateur
1	don't get on bro when bae textin another nigger
1	who? ok, right-wing teabaggers, gun nuts (like harris), hell, even fucking cops.
1	i only wanna see bad bitches on snap chat
1	i should be the only nigga my bitch texting right now
1	lol cracker
1	hoes hang wit hoes cuz dey got da same hobbies
1	follow my dog.. he has over 17k bitches i made a golden retriever my bitch today at the park. ...
0	mt browngal gouache monkey tiki
1	i'm missing a few things i really need in my life: iphone 6 ios 8 ps4 some bitches and a new car.
1	killin in tekken 6  lies you trash
1	nobody is going to say anything about how unloyal sterling's side bitch is?
1	he was talking about i'm on one lol. how was that even possible when i was on a cruise ship with no phone service negro?
1	ain't that a bitch
1	laying in bed bout to pass out 630 is gonna be a bitch
1	these rednecks around here won't like that shit...put that wall up, they say
1	she got arrested for domestic violence against him ugh bitch -_-
1	fuck that bitch
0	get this monkey off my back...
1	you ex bitches need to realize .
1	he said get up bitch... that's not pg frohorsemen
1	try me pussy
1	could you please refrain from being a dumb bitch
1	my entire school: "you don't talk much." me: "beause you're all cunts."
0	don't forget we gotta take out trash and need milk...and spermicidal lube
1	niggas killin the same nigga's they grew up with ;; these bitches fuckin the same nigga's they homegirl was inlove with.
1	lmfaoooo i'm tryna see how many hoes i can lure in
1	mum told me about that guy from one direction puffin on the dutchy nd i was like so? least the cunt isny a mad smackhead...
1	you aint gon take a pic tho  not scared to i'm in a japanese steakhouse tho bitch was walking quick
1	"nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit"
1	might havti give you a visit. this cunt isn't going to have a family when im done.
0	intended to get pics but didn't have time.. must be a mud race/event here this weekend.. is like a redneck convoy out there
1	twitter is suspending the shit out of is, multiple iterations of new regional accounts opening today and suspended within ho
1	bruh im tired of niggas retweetin miley cyrus naked that bitch aint no types of bad" lmaooo
1	yo mama was confused when she had u lol .. these hoes ain't got no manners
1	niggas be so dehydrated if i wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen
1	pink champagne for my boo thang she a bad bitch i hope that she don't trade me
1	i pull hoes tx.
1	fuck i look like ho? i look like yes and ya look like no
0	so, yanks have signed brian mccann ; jacoby ellsbury. rumor has it, they still want robinson cano, babe ruth, miguel cabr
1	dog government jobs is the shit. i done got my last few off that bitch.
1	 knwin i heard dat hoe changed
1	that's my bitch 
1	stomach is hurting, i'm starving for some early morning pussy. 
1	finna get 86'd cause bitches in coming at me wrong
1	bitch you ugly as fuck, are you a fuck tranny ? get alligator face as
0	lmao redskins turnin up
1	 yaaaas bitch
1	if it wasn't for this blanket, my nips would be harder than the search for anne frank..
1	ugly people : taken  nerds : taken  hoes : taken  everybody : taken  me : 
1	with me bitch.
1	while the men will often be rambling and retarded, the women will appear trashy and tipsy, lawless and lustful
1	you say you classy and sadity i say bitch you a tease
1	de niro's wife in casino is the second biggest cunt of all time, first is still george's mother in blow
1	i can't be in my twenties stressing over a bitch who playin games. i'm straight lol
1	.. where the fuck is your top lip in my pussy
1	asians have short beds, my feet are hanging off the edge of the bed  cuddle me bitch i'm right beside you
0	yasss brownies ; ice cream 
1	these old hoes is madddd that and slayed they attire basketballwivesla drayamondays mala
0	yes das def da problem.if his.teacher was a spear chucker he woulda gt both dose rite
1	where all the 2nd string bitches at?
1	your a fucking queer faggot bitch
1	in da club makin movies. i feel like tyler perry. fuckin niggas bitches.dey like why did.i gt married.
1	"i will fuck u where u stand". "u dizzy bitch". two unique ; separate phrases i overheard a relative saying when i was younger.
0	didn't get to hit the slopes today, but snowboarding lessons first thing in the morning excited
1	if not for gz, trayvon would be alive right this second... smoking a bowl and tweeting about "bitches and hoes". such a nice kid he was...
1	 and on that note i'm out dis bitch
1	these bitches play both sides but get left in the middle
1	i gave my number to this bad ass bitch a few days ago,she said i'll call you when i make it home. i'm starting to think tha
1	this bitch wanna smoke all of my weed,
0	saw 5 pick up a dime off the floor with her toes. apparently my "monkey toes" gene is strong with that one.
1	my best friend loves justin beiber what a fag 
1	i hope so, the bitch was annoying i think, she thought she was smart or something
1	idc how cute you are that shit dont matter if you got a trash personality.
1	i got some bomb dick from a alpha, a q, 2 kappas, a iota, ;two professors all in the same month. im not a hoe..i just say
1	if you're acting like more of a bitch than your bitch... there's a problem
1	these bitches fake one min talking about a hoe next min bestfriends with the hoe
1	fucking pussy that's why exactly. let me the nigga were talking about 
1	yeet we gotta do at least 3 and drop them bitches in like 2 month intervals or some shit
1	im rick james bitch, show me ya titties
0	republicans aren't the only racist in america. we have racist democrats too. but don't play the token negro card...
0	drunk trash trashed wasted the draught horse
1	cnt trust or won't spare a bitch ogd ,
0	 a box full of yellow crayons.
1	i'm sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch, i honestly thought you knew.
1	im about to fuck taylors bitch ass up
1	if you a bad bitch, put ya hands up high
1	i refuse to raise a child in this bitch ass country.
1	dyke ron
1	if i post a picture of my woman, all you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight lol
1	- looooool 2nd best tweaking hoe vine
1	you the bitch nigga type, you ain't never had a fight.
1	when you ain't had pussy in a hot minute...
1	 bitch.... yall relationship ain't shit but a theory
1	ladies if a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend . he basically side hoe shopping
1	bitch mcconnell has been a 30-year parasite and we can not afford him any longer. vote
1	i couldn't care less about these bitches
1	look at yall bitches for the child support keep getting pregnant ass bitches
1	niggaz retweet bitch ass niggaz but won't retweet a real nigga
0	vertical nip bars..i already have horizontal ones so i think it'll look hella cute
0	you're stuck on ghetto middle school days. step our g...  wtf how ah i stuck in the middle school games jusy bc...
1	versace belts and lv wallets just won't cut it. need to really show his ass up.. little bitch
1	niggas really be proud of having hoes. but how many of y'all gonna bring them dirty bitches home to your
1	this hoe 
1	another nigga hoe is another nigga problem. been had hits.
1	marilyn monroe set the standard for what hoes can achieve in society
1	cant no bitch make me mad over a nigga i already had
1	can you speak one coherent sentence without sounding like a nig? seriously.
1	she a dyke if one side of her head is faded out
0	yankees like florida state; not floridians.
1	smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music i bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit 
0	io.. lol osi tangi haha a tuku ho tangible terryn atunga ho fie lea lahi mai
1	at the mexican laundry mat and it's packed denna hoe
1	"pussy ass nigga"
0	for the 1st time in the tom brady era, the patriots are in sole possession of last place in the afc east
1	lmao yeah bitch that lil shit ripped .
0	democrats to push income inequality as top issue of 2014 charlie baker (r) veers further left all in w d
1	exactly dem gold diggin hoes came out da woods on my ass
1	haha bitch 
1	i want to paint but faggot won't paint with me...
1	some niggas didnt desrve to have that bitch in the first place
1	i couldnt host 106 and park .. i'd fuck too many young bitches
1	how you put ya hoes before ya girlfriend .. 
0	as a kid i listened to nas. he showed me a new perspective coming from the ghetto like me. same with pimp c 
1	i wanna be the reason u look down at your phone ; smile then a car run yo ass over hoe
1	' this niggah yanni like hangin up on niggahs in mid sentence  .
1	its simple, dont be a hoe=dont worry about being exposed " fight me"why ?
0	colorado lawmakers consider nations 1st wind energy legislation to protect birds ; bats.
1	sexy bitch
1	where my bitches at mann
1	i love how my brother actually tries to understand his girl and see her point of view when they argue instead of being a bitch about it .
1	that's okay minivan, you can run that red light, i'm sure your nail appointment is more important than my life. bitch
1	just barrass meez ctfu um zoned out wit my fro out while um hitin hoes from da back comebacktoreality
0	tommy voeckler keeps the yellow, andy schleck does the break of the tour, and contador is broken. incredible day for tdf
1	"ibs" irritable bitch syndrome.
1	best man ever "i'd fuck her right in the pussy" my nigg
0	holy monkey balls its warm today
0	*goes into monkey bar to meet swingers*
1	you know how trash of a grown ass woman you gotta be for a nigga to be fucking around 17 year old? 10 year old landfill trash.
1	niggas bugging if they think my bitch ain't gunna tell me something, ha
1	slide in your bitch dms like  
0	me too defiantly going to see that new planet of the apes tonight
1	kk bitch td in 17' jeff b home real soon 
1	be smart because you won't be pretty forever, bitch.
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | homemade | home made. my wife rubbing her pussy
1	in hopes of recruiting more women, isis opens jihadi finishing school
0	you can mock michelle obama's turnipforwhat video, but the turnip is now third in line of succession for president.
1	lees hoe een gepeste jongen zich probeert te verdedigen. ingezonden brief volkskrant. pesten
1	its funny when sluts say "u just mad cause i'm 100% real" its like no bitch swerve cuz u actually about 65% water gtfo
0	frozen peas and ibuprofen. my new best friends cripple
1	bitches be in internet relationships tho. like yous a lonely hoe
1	you need one yesss cause i'm not her bf you my bitch
1	please shut up hoe i'm honestly a nice person
1	i was sleep hoe where you at
0	i'm finna see the yankees win a baseball game
1	men are the biggest hoes lmao
1	i like beamers benzes and porches, i like my bitches imported
1	this is exactly why bitches end up dead told him to stop fucking with me , i hope it rain bitch.
0	dont get that bacon stuffed crust tho its trash
1	bitches aint shit but hoes an tricks
1	fucked your bitch and left her like...
0	sheehey back door cuts still go un guarded iu hoosierhoops hoosiers
1	"i'm turning over a new leaf no more drama and cod for me" is still a faggot. justbigethings
1	bruh lmaoo them hoes was nasty but i kept eating them what the fuck happened to these?
0	i was told never fold ; never sell my sole
1	i'm about too put sooooo much nut in my fucking mouth and gts frfr  bitch yu nasty
0	charlie crist says ocare has been great? ccot tcot teaparty pjnet independents htt
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | creampie | young japanese girls hairy cunt cre
1	brush lets just ignore the silly hoe. she's pregnant, hella hormones. tryna fuck with other people
1	sock the pussy like i'm vegeta
1	i'm just a normal ass dude that has no hoes and happens to be funny every once in a while
1	i wish young thug made past me the hookah and kept garbage ass tyga out that bitch
1	bitch i seen them tricks before haannnn foh
0	me gusta pollo so espaol that. lol. 
0	f u tumblr bc my blog is black ; white but there's so many great colored things i could reblog fml
1	fuck that hoe.
1	his bitch ass is the same way so it don't matter.
1	this shit sooooooooooooo trash.
1	90% of the black girls at my school are ghetto af 98.6%
1	and apparently i sound like a country hick. perks of being from kentucky
1	" her pussy lips like heaven doors " 
1	i think i'm addicted to naked pictures and sit talking bout bitches that we almost had
0	hun, wrong social networking site 666 - lms for a good morning post, and something extra (maybe)
1	i wasn't serious bitch  bitch them niggas i named ain't fuccing witcho ass  we all just making shit up 
1	ur a fucking half breed dog. stop acting.
1	lmao you stupid nigger
1	if i was to get a rich girl so be it. at least she likes me. she saw something in me you hoes didn't see
1	lowkey you're still my bitch 
1	who clothes in the dryer? i'm tryna dry my clothesthrow them hoes out
1	ha the shyt niggas tell hoes 2 ho wanna be more...
1	ow ; while i'm at it where has gone the big lanky twat.
1	all you gotta do is be funny, witty and charming and the bitches will come to you naturally you ain't even gotta do shit but be yourself
1	these bitches love soda
1	just had someone under 25 casually ask me what the 'ff' stood for on my car. r u fking serious  bitch.
0	also nack which autocorrect changed so i'm putting my phone in the trash and going to sleep
1	if you're a hoe, don't expect princess treatment...
0	people are so uncivilized.
1	; bitch dont talk at me like that bro.
1	no time to play wit bitches
1	wat a faggot
0	not just gave 2k a trash non-basketball soundtrack, y'all still have problems with servers 
1	anybody that gets traded straight up for brandon knight is trash
1	why does hawkeye have to be in the avengers? he's such a pussy
1	let a bitch say i got a small dick on god i'll whip that shit out and show everyone in the room what i got. blessed.
1	if you tell a dyke she looks just like a nigga is that a compliment? i've always wondered that
1	she reps that o13 yeah. only the baddest of bitches 1x
1	the fox says you're a cunt.
1	and i'm that bitch who doesn't forget.
1	omg hahaha best thing you will watch today. milan lucic is a crybaby bitch goon. f him and f the bruins
1	5thharmony user followed then unfollowed me what a prude ass hoe
0	in that picture yes, i haven't had an updated pic added the angel wing is colored now too, and thanks represents what i am ;)
1	that's your bitch, why she acting like she need a man?
1	i see a picture of you smoking, such a man of god. disgraceful nig, you sir, are an embarrassment.
1	look at that bitch right there, right there hannnnnn
1	they are little bitches when they are proven wrong. momsdemand gunsense
1	the price is wrong, bitch
1	this hoe taken by the world smh
1	karma is a bitch damn godprotectshisangels " *sips tea*
1	momma always told me i was crazy , am the hoes say i'm amazing but i don't listen to a lady
1	mmmm sure dont seem like it.. lmfao but yess ill be that bitch:)) now are you done?
1	ion got no type...... bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	kmm get a fucking trash can on your head.
1	y'all lucky dmx stopped makin music i'd still be barking at these hoes foo
0	an itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow pock-a-dot bikini polk ashton. polk
1	this bitch on maury a thug
1	if a bitch tweeting about a nigga and he saying he don't mess with her , he's lying that bitch ain't tweeting for nothing 
1	tweekin hoe 
1	why why why why why? ain't kissing any bitch anytime soon
1	me calling bout a nigga  shit for the birds. ; then a nigga that ain't fucking me  i do not fucking care
1	if your wardrobe consist of mostly leggings, you's a hoe guilty
1	plot twist, bitch
1	my pussy dry 24/7 "
0	i think i'm gonna walk around the house free as a bird.
1	got bitches in the dm but i don't ever read'em" which is y your top 3
1	future bae best drink fiji water so her pussy taste like retweets ; cinammon apples
0	white kids, black kids, yellow kids hell even purple kids, if you carry yourselves like daniel geale you will go far. gealemundine2
1	 i'm finna dm you the pic bruh these hoes funny
1	stank ass hoes haha
1	*thought retard
0	i am so pleased and proud to have been announced the sole curator of the soundtrack for mockingjay - part 1
1	right in the pussy
1	fuck ya feelings ain't no sorries bitch
1	word having zero hoes &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	hate when bitches try and put you in the friendzone. bitch i'm tryin to score put me in the endzone " on. my. soul
0	i am a celestial body hello
1	niggas are jus like btchs talking bout a hoe then right back in her face dnt come to me talking bout nan hoe if you gne b right back fwher
1	hard 2 keep the hoes off me
0	stockboy...everyone mocks you.
0	marshall law whatever you coon
1	and if that's yo bitch then you may have to fight holmezz
1	how original you faggots
1	hay pussy cat 
1	for example. i can't even say "what's cooler than bein cool? ice cold" without somebody relating it to a phi a. no bitch t
0	come on yankees lets keep this game going we must win
1	bitch should've got out of her yard
1	my nicca tip can't act for shit in takers
1	so many shady bitches. the secret thirst is alive
1	play pussy get fucked
1	when you've got 5 or 6 hoes every one of them sees her man as god.that's why you don't have sex with them very often. -
1	"and if you aint a hoe, get up out my traphouseeee"
1	dress like a hoe, i'm goin at you like a hoe just like any other nite. forget halloween.
1	y'all hoes get boyfriends just to tweet about them. then break up to dawg him on here lol
0	i got to get the trash out and make breakfast for the frau and start laundry so y'all be good till i get back. cracker out
1	you just did bitch lol
1	lookin at my bitch i bet she give yo ass a bone
1	i named my dick the truth cuz bitches can't handle it lmao
1	this nigga think he gone play me shoot dice let yo hoe fade me
1	never trust a bitch that try to be a side bitch
0	wow, and we thought we were the only ones with a luxurious interior oreolove stufoflegend
1	these bitches finna fuck up my birthday week...
1	ie don't make a hoe a housewife
1	faggot i knew you weren't really my friend.
1	i be lying in got theses bitches like u on my fuckin mind... but i be really focus just on this money
1	legit retard
1	this is my beach bitch
1	winter weather gon have a niggah in his feelings  .
1	me and da gonna do a reboot of da jeffersons. only dis time he gonna be weezy and we married pre op trannies
0	pdplive is on november 10th. get your early bird tickets from
1	gay fags
1	i'm about to go on ; be the devil ; catfish some hoes.
0	i wish i was one of those girls who guys liked no matter what...ike i could wear sweats and my hair up and they would sti
0	i feel utterly retarded. thanks big brother
1	my pussy taste like pepsi cola.
1	having one loyal female is wayyyyy better than having hoes , idc "
0	charlie daniels couldve done a better job mnf
0	yu forgot we beat yall? thats like a garbage man calling a janitor trash
0	"in 2014 you tweeted that migos were trash. care to explain?" - 2064 supreme court confirmation hearing
1	they're both big bitches tho lol
1	build a bear &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; build a bitch
1	fuck mlk why does lexii keep favoriting my coon tweets ? mlk didnt die for this
1	i roll up to a bitch an dey like
1	bossd up on my old hoes
1	lmao if i catch u in tha field i'm blowin shut yo bitch ass up opp lol
1	boutta walk out on these hoes
1	don't ever be ashamed of who you are, unless you're a hoe.
0	i got my eyes on this red bone
1	one good girl is worth a thousand bitches  = 
1	i've been sleeping with my mom for the past few weeks and i swear this bitch is having sex dreams or something always moaning in her sleep
1	to a hood bitch gucci voice is euphoric
0	i mean...if you blow a foul there, it has to be a yellow in that situation no?
1	we were making those brownies at 4 am tired as a bitch. under the circumstances they're pretty good
1	damn, birds stay shitting on my car..
1	raunchy ass to pussy action with sakurako offering up her holes foruse
1	so apparently likes takin pictures when he's eatin pussy
1	yasssss bitch yasssss 
1	quote this tweet with your favorite animal."pussy
1	ima have to fuck with my nigga omar about those weed brownies
1	so basically you like the background music, fag.
0	molly and ellie need the teas, so cafeshaw bound i go. everyone else is off to amsterdam i couldn't get time off so hey ho 8-)
1	the way he raps about fucking my bitch ; banters about having more money than me is so entertaining it's crazy
0	omgggggggggg mila kunis is so fing hot. f sarah marshall. she's like a bird anorexic.
1	first off, you just a hoe if you can have sex with a man ; not have any feelings for him
1	damn...payback is a bitch
1	to these hoes i'm everything"
1	i guess none of deez rappin ass niggas wanna throw dem bitches wit da big homie
0	new avi thanks to b oreo
1	oh this bitch midy must be crazy
1	kids don't put up with your mother calling you a thot. she mad because hoe wasn't a cool thing to be called back in her sluttish day.
1	real girls like "impress me bitch" 
1	im n a tight circle bitch you can't get thru dis loop
1	starks being a faggot
1	ur typical twitter hoe
1	no wonder your career is in the dump that's where trash like you belongs. thanks to for pointing out your true colors
1	nigga fuck hoe , ion want fuck yo hoe , she a fat chick ; she bad built 
0	going through my computer and found the "shake that monkey" video we made freshman year in dillard  was too short
1	truth be told ...that's all my pussy 
1	oomf a hoe. she know she a hoe, i know she a hoe, she wont claim she a hoe, so she say she aint a hoe, but...we all know you a hoe hoe
1	hoes not women, like to be the center of attention
0	toma eso negros
1	i coulda sworn i was the last bitch on tunchi ig 
1	im sorry, i use to be on that shit, but im not worried about the next bitch unbothered threatenwho
1	bitch don't talk yo shit then, say you on papers when a bitch trinna get down  you a straight fag bitch foe dat. scary ass hoe.
1	they get attitudes like bitches too , i think some of yall niggas need a bra and panties
0	kit kats trash
1	kill her body with four-play. her pussy should be so weak from teasing that its impossible to hold back a orgasm during heated sex
1	ricky is such a bitch when it comes to girls
1	lol bitch i'm indian you op
1	somethingigetalot are you... asian? black? hawaiian? gay? retarded? drunk?
1	i thought you would like him cause of the chi but yeah he a faggot
1	when you realize how curiosity is a bitch. an should of let the unknown stay, unknown. curiositykilledme
1	i'm roasting the first one of my niccas who rock them shits
1	teachers always assign homework like we don't have no life, bitch i gotta go home and tweet.
1	jealous ass bitch tryna turn me to a lick but you won't live to see that shit
1	 hoes be in everybody clothes and got the nerve to take a picture man that shit crazy
1	99 problems but a bitch ain't one
1	dear utah polynesians: again, stop acting black and speaking ghetto. speak fob, you ain't no ghetto niggaz.
1	retweet if you fucked someone's bitch
1	fuck staten island, place is for pussies
1	long neck ass bitch lmbo
1	bruh this bitch is possessed by the thot demon
1	am not down with gay shit u better ask my bitch
1	if i had $400 and my girl had $0, i would have $400 ; be single bc i dnt fuck with broke bitches. get your money up.
1	dad just yelled out "in bout to fry some chicken like a nigger"
0	charlie sheen wants to return to 'two and a half men' |
1	they make sure they have these reality shows lined up for you hoes.they won't leave you high and dry.
0	jihadi john has struck again. prayers with the victims' families. what is the bounty on his head? time 4 him 2 meet allah
0	lmao joe was calling whitehouse offering advice. yeah the president cares what a disgraced former redneck house guy from fl says morningjoe
1	let's run a train on this bitch
1	i'm so dead  why you hoe me idk i just felt like flaming you lol
1	never cared about how another bitch saw me. i know who i am
1	poly ratchets.. can't stand poly bitches in general  they loud, annoying, and they talk too much..
1	..........does nobody sell orange flavored and colored bubblegum? is that your fuckin' problem? giants? fuck it. i'm going 6pack now
0	wha? me? i'm just waiting for showtime to bring back queer as folk.
0	people who don't put their blinkers on seriously just need to crash into a pole or something  moveoutmywaybitch
1	we'ont get head from hoes wit overbites..
0	doing nothing as an agenda. unbelievable that the dems failed to use that against the teabaggers.
1	holders justice department isnt interested in the facts in ferguson these race hustling bitches are disgraceful.
1	 of course cooder's nudes are trash. she lives in the dmv what did you expect? .
0	i think i found a normal roommate again praise be to jesus these current ones are about to get their throats slit in their sleep
1	text me nig nogs 630.362.5206
0	sierra almost got caught with the ole hick 
1	thus bitch looks just like lindsay lohan she gets down just like lindsay lohan detroitgirls 
1	dude said 1:30 bitch i took a whole nap before my 5:30 midterms
1	living with my bitches, hashtag live
1	we in dis hoe. imma get her too lmfaoooo
0	no girls no hoes just me myself and i
1	and black women need to stop referring to themselves and other sisters as "hoes" ; "bitches"..... it really ain't a good look
1	turn a fuck nigguh to a rebound
1	id make you look like an absolute pussy, because you're too scared to say anything to my face hahahahahaha
1	vegas in 4 days bitches.
1	this girl stress me out , ion even have no hoes shit i be saying lol
1	" is that ya bitch "
1	mutes pussy.. and ***** and ***** smh
1	happy birthday fag boy
1	*slow rap voice* that bitch can suck my dick *faster rapping voice* that bitch can suck my dick
1	i been kidnapped yo bitch"
1	listening to the latina women talk about their baby daddy's and"beating bitches asses" makes being in the sub at 9am worth it...a little bit
1	my new years resolution is to fuck ur bitch 2014 times
1	females be damn near naked wondering why niccas jus wanna fuk lol
0	mann are first game is 3 weeks from now can't wait - once a redskin always a redskin -
1	cants da coloreds and da white folk gets along? we all be da same cept da colored men gots da bigga dicks
1	pretend assholes callin the women bitches when they know they love em lol..
1	bye youre a queer
0	sonia never criticises kejriwal. kejriwal, who trashes every other leader, never criticises sonia. touching.
1	killers don't pillow talk.. wit dey bitches
0	how ah yardie reach wyoming?? (live at
0	nick young says that close to $100,000 worth of money, watches sneakers and clothes were stolen from his house last nig
1	bitches b tweeting everything they see to b relavent  its really sad 
1	mcdonalds pipe self defence beating: this is one nigger who's hand i would shake. that's how you deal with sheboons.
1	birds of a feather flock 2gether. hoes friends with hoes. bitter women be with other bitter ones. haters be with hater
1	got all the black bitches mad cuz my main bitch vanilla
1	stop explaining yo self sorry ass bitch dont nobody care eww you sound spicy
1	idgaf if it's 3pm in the afternoon bitch make my pancakes
1	sum of y'all kno y'all be on lock but talking bout "bitch i ain't doing shit tonight ho i'm tired" 
1	i have no hoes because yah nigga ain't shit
1	i'm never watching brave heart again you cunts don't want freedom
1	anybody on the team has permission to fuck my bitch
1	poppy give me discou.. bitch i get it for the lowwwww
1	never bring these hoes to my house cause these bitches talk
1	now beaners drive em.
1	fresh out of jail and i got my chopper bitches be like vick your number 1 like the bk whopper
1	bitch please. not gonna happen. nope.
1	if you snipe, you're a fucking faggot. i fucking hope all of you snipers get fucking raped and suffer from cancer.
1	if you ballin then buy ya bitch something
0	if you don't like my tweets with my belief in jesus christ, please respect it, but don't mock it or make negative remarks
1	bad bitch give good head, dumb bitch get hood rich
1	how about i just fuck you right in the pussy
1	"uhh bitch, don't tell him "bless you." when he sneeze. he got all the blessings he need with me."
1	"nah its you  yo i thought some1 photoshopped my face on that faggot smmfh...i hate yall"
1	this kid definitely got the pussy after that game
1	i bet he's a starbucks queer
1	change the game on u bitches
1	nannie bitch don't talk to that hoe with ha extra bs ass 
1	is wayne brady gonna have to choke a bitch?
1	a hoe gon be a hoe, that ain't a hunnid.
1	my cheapest, broke ass meal? i had some egg noodles but we ain't have no buter, no pepper, nothing. i put syrup on them bitches.
0	found some more of my original yellow bracelets and the first person i thought of was
1	the only place for a ho in the garden
1	can't even sleep in the fucking car because this mother fucker drives like a retard and pumps the breaks too hard
1	hahaha damn dirtyyyy hoes
1	when a bitch says "hi" to bae
1	grab her booty in front of niggas that want her grab her booty in front of bitches that want you
1	ha.. who can get the pussy quicker these days
1	 they recruited buku fags in here...a warehouse is no place for them
1	yeah hoe ass nigga 
1	wussup bitchnun finna take it in
1	you already know ima keep it trilla...happy bday lha bitch i love yu nigga
1	oh yeah fuck that bitch
1	gabby is hella ghetto
1	wet pussy with no smell a mf
1	 if your girl smoke weed the dopeman slamming your bitch for a g, but that's relationship goals to y'a
1	if you will fuck or try and fuck ya niccas girl .. you a buster lol
1	 i have to explore the pussy out there
0	a bird just flew into my window?????? i hope he's okay 
1	word school flow on a dumb hoe...
1	if i had hair, i would seriously go for a perm now. genetics is a stone cold bitch.
1	oh? he still talking to other bitches i bet. none of my biz tho
1	*girls* hey beautiful (friendship lasts 2 months) *bros* sup pussy? (friendship lasts forever)
1	someone shut this beaner up please.
1	i think you're in a bad mood from munching on hairy pussy.
1	give a hipster bitch a yellow stick now she suckin dick in the hood and shit -othot
1	jake gettin all da bitches rn
1	sweet comeback u fuckin herb i dnt watch soccer but id still wax your bitch ass in it go swallow the red soxs kids ur from nyc fag
1	spring break bitches
1	this that bitch nigga shit they invented it i just created the term
1	look at this pussy
1	niggas retarded lol
1	fugly bitch john will dump ur ratchet ass
1	i'm so faded my nigga i'm about to disappear in this bitch
1	never lose bitches chasing money  priorities
0	won't catch me sneak dissing, thats fo the birds.
1	you say no to ratchet pussy but juicy-j can't bands will make her dance
1	yes hoe. you always had the camera
1	bitches tweeting "relationship goals" w/no man, job, or real desire to stop being a hoe or partying every weekend. jus a iph
1	beer ball isn't for pussies
1	on my way to fuck your bitch
1	its some sexy ugly bitches in the world cuh that ill fucc
1	she gonna pop that pussy for a real niggaa
1	idc what phone u got, lol silly nigger
0	is yankee in a good mood today or what
0	new sign up at mong kok protest site says: "fight for democracy and oppose the communists to have a future"
1	i got 11 nuggets this time bitch. couldntbehappier
1	look at what you just said lls new era girl bye kill bitches w kindness ;; wht cousin?
0	bunch of rappers boutta flood the internets w/ trash remixes
1	roses are red violets are blue i just fucked yo bitch .....but nigga do you...
1	new boss said my buttons on my shirt can't be white. so i colored them hoes with a sharpie  glossy
1	so hes retarded and gay.. what a mix 
1	bae: go text your hoes me:
1	mimi so proud to be a hoe
1	my high school need to gon and throw a hood reunion party. everybody knows we was ghetto as hell.
1	i treat my bitches with respect
0	early bird catches the worm 
1	i do know one thing tho, bitches they come ; go.
1	our taxi driver is fucking retarded.. he doesn't know how to get from grapevine to lewisville
1	ur a wack bitch who sells her pussy for $65.00 , lives with her mom then was homeless cut the lies
1	keshawn martin is soooooooooo fucking trash
1	*nigga *bitch *him ' i will never date a female with another niggah name on her lol . wtf .
1	 a bitch is all ears... my mama told me not to talk to bitches so...jk
1	now the bitch tryin to do vids too? gurl sit cho ass down
1	or faggot guess he got caught saying nigga.
1	stop complaining about being single hoe we have bigger problems here rn like mcdonalds doesnt serve breakfast after 
1	bitch i taught you i know my mess ups
1	where my bitches from the itty bitty titty committe????
0	obama killed the twinkie gonetofar
1	niggas cheat on the most loyal most beautiful women with fucking trash
1	who the fuck still plays flappy bird?  flappy bird feels like
1	i be try a log on to ig an like pics, but bitches dont be posting no pics....
1	bumoose ducking those insults like a scared white pussy
1	pretty mother fucker pull up in a bitch likee
1	ain't like them guys who wine and dine to keep they women.. my bitches only want two things, that's to get high and kick it
1	bitch i wasn't following u in the first place get the fuck off my tl.
0	them hoes are clean
1	i hate when cute ass girls have wack af boyfriends like bitch youre settlling. quit your settling and be with a real nigga
1	ion trust these bitches and ion trust these niggas
0	that would cripple our military :)
1	one who can't keep his bitch what kind of man can't parallel park?
1	dej loaf ever bitch wc today, all it takes is a lil juice and these bitches want you
0	*waits for fanduel to hit me with the jig*
0	i heard green tea makes you lose weight.... and imma coon so that explains the watermelon
0	jsu coach omar johnson: "it's what u do against the ball. u throw it, hit it, catch it. doesn't matter if the yankees are 
1	poof. vamoose son of a bitch
1	them hoes gone be called strvp
1	dis bitch blowin me man fuck u
1	fucking slut foreal, fuck dat bitch.
1	why the wifey type girls single and the hoes being cuffed though?
0	according to you my place is in kitchen. excuse me while i take out the trash
0	acid yellow
1	i wanna buy my bitch every bag
1	karlie jus put all these bitches on niggas better start checkin they wheels after y'all drop y'all bitch off
1	bitch y u ain't come to school
1	cuz bitches love pizza
0	attn : all brown university students, the stop and frisk protesters will be systematically dispersed into random u.s. ghettos. good luck.
1	lol at these honkies talking trash i'm done with this shit growup whitetrash
1	thot bitches wanna be wined ; dined like a wife but don't know how to earn it 
1	nobody should ever have sex with a dirty dick or pussy. that says a lot about you if you fuck em knowing they smell like chitlings
1	yall ladies ever have on a tank top or something . . ; like one of your nips was just chilling outside the shirt, and you d
0	if ur girl watch snapped in front of u she trying to spook u
1	bitch be working and keep singing like she ain't never bust a move 
1	may i jump in u ball-less dick-wad? as a conservative, feminist, disabled vet bitch, i wish u luck with a capital f.
1	westside nicca
0	boy went trick or treating at charlie sheen's. dada not jealous cause all charlie gave out was really good candy and by cand
1	on the low they're really looking for the next bitch to smash
1	my right ear is throbbing harder than a virgins pussy
1	if a bitch don't taste her own  you shouldn't even dare eat it 
1	two trash ass passes you know damn well you saw it too. on 2nd and 3rd down. before santos won the game.
1	finding a female w/o a hoe record is like tryna find a nigga w/o a felony.
1	son of a bitch thunder
1	photo: me and my bitch
1	wowwww this bitch is so ratchet holy crap
1	only movie i cant wait to see.. tansformers4 . if its a fail im going killer ape shit on michael bay
1	i lied, it hurt like a bitch, and it bruises your arm. i would suggest you don't do it lol
1	so y'all just gone look past the fact that this bitch sucking a dick cause her edges laid? i swear hate you bitches 
1	a hoe gone be a hoe 
1	lol i was bout to say. shit income tax in i'm tryna find me a bitch for a couple weeks
0	will coakley go 0-2 in "can't lose" races? wow, just wow -- : charlie baker for governor htt
1	salty pussy
1	jus wanted to let yll know hope the hurricane kills your soca sunday trash lordwillin
1	jus waking up and hearing about this lebron sheet , what a dummy . no respect for him , go get ya rings and come back? real admirable bitch
1	fuck you bitch
1	duh. aka shitty nights. city nights is hella ghetto
1	dope in the bag, pretty bitch on the side i sell dope in the back,if you tryna get high ty
1	aw drake is, do you sit in the corner and cry when you listen to him? lmfao, pussy dick rider, how drakes cock taste faggot.
1	my ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga
0	colored contacts in your eyes? blinders on mine. cause i can't see you at all." lmao
1	ur a faggot if you change your name to your bday just so you can get bday tweets. this aint fb nigga, fuck yo birthday
1	bitch was i talking to u stfu and get off my page oh bitch nigga u bout that life
1	sucks to suck bitch.
1	fck all you hoes. catch a grip
1	people r retarded for thinking you can eat "clean" food all day and lose weight. calories are calories people.
0	flipping back and forth between yankees playoff baseball and the trainwreck formerly known as the new york jets
1	pussy this pussy that
1	"don't get head from hoes with overbites"
0	some birds aren't meant to be caged
1	i don't understand why they mad at her making a track that spoke volumes about you muthafuckas. all the hoe ; bitch tracks about females
1	sometimes ppl stay married cuz it's convenient. when u constantly bitch ; complain ; sleep in separate rooms, it's time to reevaluate.
1	if you say any of the following words the convo is over: nigger, nigga, swag, yolo, fag, retard.
1	man fuck these bitch ass niggas, how y'all doin?
1	omg you own a microwave? fancy bitch
1	old hoe lol my juice is gone, i'm just an old bitty now
1	somebody toss this bitch a dasani or something, gurl is thirsty
1	bitches post all types of sex position pics with heart emojis but let yu get her in that position this bitch complain a
1	lrt i just did im saddened bc she been tweeting like a hoe
1	drakes new shoes that will be released by nike/jordan.... yes, there's glitter on the shoes ....dudes a fag
1	i ain't sharing no bitch if you mines you mines "
1	cute text: ey bitch come over for some
0	"hick and raver is a venn diagram that has a very large intersection"
1	bitches know they bitches, bitch.
1	where are they now fads doc martens -enjoying anal sex girbaud -posers, wiggers, fake bangers. now accountants jncos -domin
0	yankees shouldn't even bother to show up to boston, man. just fold the franchise. cancel baseball.
1	 im assuming she got a cup on her pussy got a bicep b. wtf?
1	i can't never keep no bitch cause i put them hoze out
0	can't wait for the to sweep the cardinals tonight on no matter how bad the cubs are, we're gonna beat the bird
1	i refuse damn bitches are always talking shit about draya
1	go back to lego club faggot
1	police niccas tryn raid da trap
1	idgaf hoe
1	i got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these hoes keep grindin on me
1	damn near gotta protect my tweets.. stalkers being annoying" you got that dope dick. drive these bitches loco
0	sinai jihadi group beheads 3 accused of being 'spies of the jews' via
1	ik i look good and all but dam bitches stop making it obv your staring at me loll
1	i bent yo bitch over that's why you mad these niggas broke that's why i laugh
1	i was ready to delete my entire instagram app when i found out one of my ig crushes was selling pussy on backpage for $75 f
1	already more yellows than the last 2 years combined indycar honda200
1	i can't with this disrespect ass bitches
0	i love my 10 ; 5 but most days they remind me why birth control is important later in life. i miss my "baby bird" come home, 18
1	' id rather sit at the house all day and jack off then bust a mission to literally only chill with a bitch ...
1	i like herbal tea bitches no matter if anyone else does.
1	double up on this game bitch
1	hate that bitch ray donovan's wife is pissing me off
1	and now lookin ass niggas and lookin ass bitches will be the terms of 2014. will be overused ; abused in every fucking way
0	shy people tend have great observational skills, making it easier to recognize the core of a problem then solving it.
1	"captain save a hoe" is the most annoying phrase
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect /
0	you mean trash.
1	used to send that bitch up"
1	what's wrong with these bitches breh
1	i always want to speak to ppl i converse with on twitter but they always look at me like "bitch, idk you in real life.." smh
1	yo bitch, what cho name bitch? i wanna fuck ya bitch. -jacey (the things she says to me doe) bff baby 
1	i don't have an iphone so i have to manually ignore these hoes
0	johnny manziel just flipped somebody the bird...
1	lol that hoe did numbers
1	onlyinamichaelmyersmovie bitch is running a hundred meter dash on this niqqa whos actually taking his time walking ; u still get killed
1	nigga you made it nigga we made best rider? that goes to a blaxican."
1	no problem, remembering all those quirks can be a real bitch.
1	i think women will forever find a way for a guy to be thirsty tho just so they can feel like thier pussy has some value. it don't.
0	dreamt i was in a trash bag, btw.
1	translation: "i like how i dont really have to think about it" or "i dont think queers deserve a happy ending"
1	bitch
1	bitch kill yoself, go on to the bathroom and eat the pills bitch, all of em
1	that ho went from darkskinned to mulatto this fucked me up
1	ill gladly be a victim then im a felon a bitch over 200lbs riding ur face is attempted murder 
1	lol for what? lol you dissing us shut up bitch
1	my neice getting so big ... she ready to punch on sum bitches lol
1	worst shit ever.... mayo already trash, and to mix that trash shit wit the gawd condiment that is ketchup is ultimate trash
1	not a cloud in sight, too pretty to ho to work. iwanttoplay
1	no one asked bitch
1	word and pussy and snacks ladies, keep beer (cont)
1	some ho hitting on my wife lol
1	i mean if she a cunt, then she a cunt. it happens.
1	money only impress the simple broke bitches"
1	why are you laughing . that's you hoe 
1	put your money up pussy
1	chill tweet you don't like bitches wit short hair ya mentions gon be full of this
1	lmao dis bitch dumb asl
1	fuck these lancaster bitches they all the same
1	right in the fucking pussy
1	ghetto ass pocahontas .
1	i will fight a bitch for austin that's my gringo right there ain't no one messing with my white chocolate drop
1	still got a hoes tho..
1	never had i had a problem with a girl in my years of being in school but this otter looking twat better quit giving me looks
1	man why do these hoes even bother wearing clothes when they're going out like that.
1	poor poor parker has nothing...without aaryn 2 bitch about no 1 would even know he was around a looser
1	girl don't hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy
1	i really do get excited to see my bad bitch association in lunch everyday they always make me laugh
1	wanted to eat her pussy from the back but she's sleep...smh
1	these the kids that call you nigger on xbox
1	as a girlfriend, you gotta accept the fact hoes gone be all up in his face. but as a boyfriend, he better let them hoes know wassup.
1	bruh did go out like a bitch thoe lol that should not be his final match
1	she must not know i got over 3,000 followers breh this bitch gotta get the fuck up outta this vip section dawg she decreasing my value
1	you do something different you turn out a hoe
1	a girl tweeted "you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies" no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 
1	that shit could break you down if you lose a good girl i guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up
1	thats not ya bitch if she dont love giving you head
0	alfredo, linguini, pasta.... just fancily prepared trash
1	venti iced water make it snappy hoe
1	meat forevea selling a bitch out 
1	fuuck jalens a slow bitch
1	date a thug because you know they won't pussy out when it comes to defending you. felonsplease
1	that hoe skilled
1	fucking faggots. they thirsty for eachother. they probably fuck behind redemption
1	i spy a couple thirsty hoes on insta.
1	you unfollowed me because you think you're the shit and use follow trains to gain and then just unfollow cause you're a pussy
1	well i want to be victoria's secret dyke angel
1	or... run wildcat. let romo run that deep post, and have murray bomb that bitch to tony 
1	this shit is a game right now.. that's why i play hoes.
1	"the stupidest bitch" brb crying he called me stupid
1	daaamn lmao right back to them old ways look at this hoe ass nigga covering wiz face you hoe
0	this image of peshmerga giving the heave-ho to an isis flag really brightened my friday. kick their sorry butts
0	u still a mutt tho lol
1	... i just feel bad for the women that continually flock to such darkness. thugs talk the big talk to simple minded hoes and to their own.
0	jihadi-in-chief hussein urges restraint in fighting islamic butchersapparently, we should be nice to isis...we might hurt
1	you and that bbw shit can get tf off this planet. take these stud hoes with you too.
1	you're a pussy
1	sometimes i feel like being really nice to everyone then i'm just like wait you're all bitches anyway soooo
1	rather be an "ultra fag" than get an 18 on my act and go to fgcu zing
1	i might freak the bitch, but dont need the bitch
1	idgaf what u do to get it long as u go hard in that. sell drugs, credit cards, checks, strip, sell pussy, whatever. jst dn't b half-assed
1	negro, you wear a size 5...i'm in a 12i'm at a 6 now still growing
1	yo bitch a freak fucked ha to sleep and dat was the last time i was slept on. . .shit i woke ha up nd fucked ha again so she aint sleep long
1	she's a right twat, i'd tell you, honestly sky honestly 
0	obama: "i will always do what is necessary to protect the american people and defend against evolving threats to our ho
1	real nigga need a real bitch. just somebody i can chill with.
1	is moyles a retard lol? starting fellani instead ae rvp? please come back fergie siralexferguson manchesterunited manchesterderby mufc
1	liars ever ...republican teabagger asshats like stockboy pinoccio
1	that's how you know who be lying about getting in the pussy..talking about tasting like water and fruit and shit..tf is that?
1	serious question: what do white boys pull up on bitches bumpin?
0	you might be a liberal if you continue to trash america, claiming how horrible and evil it is, yet you refuse to leave
1	 dat shit crazy a nicca use to wear dat shit fr
0	this the "i play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos" haircut
1	happy birthday freshman faggots
1	hungry then a hoe
1	im just ready to get engaged so i can meet the new wave of ain't shit bitches outchea.
1	woww. now niggas can't hit u bitches line and ask what u doin nomo.
1	here ya go wetback, eat this..
1	lmao you a bitch. and rihanna always gonna be badder than kamehameha.
1	you a bitch dennis
1	find waldo at escape bitches 
1	i'm apparently the "good luck chuck" of bitches. -.-
1	bitches love posting them "goals" pics showing a range rover, mansion, and money everywhere, bitch you unemployed
1	 that hoe is like 5'8.
1	 bruh these hoes gotta be stupid.
1	zhou mi was just layin on his bed and sm just busted into his room and was like "you gettin a song bitch"
1	bitch u a thot oh fake ass nigga box up hoe u not bout nothing
1	i been way to consistent on niggas , i'm have to drop some trash to get appreciated
0	i need some red green ; yellow pants ; helly shirts express
1	i like chinese buffets but i hate all the chinks
1	fuck bitches, get touchdowns.
1	loyalty is not dead. gtfo. don't marginalize me bitch.
1	this is how im asking my bitch to prom or for her to marry me  guareenteed yes
1	if youve only seen my couch, not my bed, then you my hoe
1	hate a broke bitch and nigga
1	nah watch the hoes thats jus gettin fucked start tweetin bout "make love"
1	shit i wish it was socially acceptable for me to beat some of these bitches asses. lmao
0	these marxist kikes promoted anti-semitism by creating this film, what was their incentive? they just promote their enemies.
0	reaaallly wish i had more milk for oreos. lol
1	i'll bitch slap you to the shadow realm
1	fuck no faggot
0	been a long december hasn't it? counting crows (:
1	ms. martinez fuckin with the cripple kid?
1	europeans taste-test america's most white trash snacks via this is hilarious foodie-ish
1	suck yo momma flappy bird
0	pity parties are trash ; i don't throw them .
1	real bitches text u "can u talk" before they call
1	need some hispanic pussy
1	if she doesn't take it in the ass, tell the bitch you'll pass.
1	they can see this dumbass nigger
1	this man wimp gotta be drunk he know damn well he dont fw no hoes 
1	lmaooo roosters is hot trash bro u know it
1	did that bitch from frozen ever let it go? 
1	never seen a pussy he didn't like.
1	caleb needs to stop being a little bitch.
0	now i'm gook boy shawty
1	weeknd makes songs for the hoes
0	royals win kc with a 2-0 blanking of the yankees to take the series in the bronx beroyalkc
0	when i say tainted i don't necessarily mean hoe or scandalous. it could be a number of things.
1	you're such a bitch carlton. you're lucky your fathers a judge.
0	oh my. there was an oreo baked into that chocolate chip cookie. surprise
1	first thing to do when i wake up: sell my hoe
1	niggah i'm not yo lil bro the fuck
1	niggas at the march looking for hoes, ; they out there too i'm sure of it
1	son. we the sammich family out this bitch. she know joey love sammiches.
1	i think you should reconsider he's a little bitch to the one true god almighty cthulhu...please for your soul, seany.
1	hit me up with plans nigs
1	hoe meter went off
1	imagine if white people said "my honkey" instead of "my nigga" lol
1	you was so eager to be a hoe you didn't even read twitpic a selfie wearing a leotard
1	let niggas hate, bitches loving it.
0	china's bird flu outbreak: 3 good signs, 3 bad signs and 3 very bad signs
0	you up, charlie brown?
0	watch out ned crc worldcup2014 puravida
0	the person actually holding the ape is not paris. it's her sister
1	fuc u say ? all these hoes look good on ig
1	like i said... fuck a lebron. his fan base, bandwagons, dick riders, ; loyal ass eaters. i don't like bitch niggas ; those that love one.
1	my boyfriend isn't allowed to give a girl his jacket. that hoe knows damn well what channel the weather is on, she cou
1	stop snitching faggot "i'll snap you a nude but promise you won't screenshot" "don't worry baby i won't"
1	autocorrect its a bitch
1	proof that thots are retarded.
0	craving brownies 
1	give me head ; kiss yo nigga you a ill bitch
1	bare ass me again, i cunt hear you
1	i be like nigga you's a real mark ass bitch for that lol
1	ion wanna hear it, then hoes faker than momma dee's teeth
1	- these porn hoes moan at everything  a nigga unbutton her shirt she moaning like stfu
1	i could fuck a bowl of graham cracker cereal
0	this brownies bro
1	you are a teabagger scum who wants to threaten people with his penis extender. you are a danger to this country.
1	idk y'all ppl that go/went to a;t ackin like y'all shocked about 70 bodies.. it was some first class hos at t that i knew personally
1	never said i wanted to fuck a tranny...
1	"fuck me or i'll make you feel bad about it. but if you fuck other guys, i'll call you a hoe. and if you fuck me, i'll thi
1	0 love for these hoes
1	there's other bad bitches 
1	the big homie drizzy threatening these hoes... 
1	don't let the power of the dollar turn you into a hoe.
1	bamoose the prophet was right "thy hoes ain't loyal"
1	"damn..... i ain't got no bitches"
1	all them hoes crazy thick thighs,  skinny waist,  and natural beauty face 
1	stop spoiling u fags
1	trust none bitch i don't wife a bitch? bitch i won't
1	ok, sis." she'd rather be a broke bitch? *shrugs* she'll have to tell me how it works for her
0	do you think the guinea pig was okay? :(
0	they might be called 5 seconds of summer but their songs are 3 minutes of trash
1	what kind of person am i : the one that wears a beanie and does drugs and likes to fuck with bitches
1	nigger
1	sit down and stfu raghead
1	nelly got all the hoes singin lol
0	tegenwoordig weet je ook al niet wat voor vlees je eet,voor je t weet is t zebra of een aap
1	somebody tell these broke bitches , stay in they place yun-stand?
0	grr... woke up ickblah. congestion ew chunky bloaty gross. missed the gym. 1 1/2hr wait for the dr. boo friday. whineytweet
0	before and after i started playing flappy bird ... before:  after: 
1	whatchu doin today nig?
1	someone will love your bitch ass it won't be me but someone will love you
0	bron pregame speeches be so trash though lmao
1	that shit chunky lol
1	ronny kamm is a pussy
1	you're a fucking pussy. and no this isn't a joke you girly little bitch.
1	the hoes yall chase want me 
0	all i want is cheesy bread and brownies 
1	bitch that's why i'm bouta go to waffle
1	y'all ain't gots no colored folk on da show. i tinks dats be racist and shit thetoddshow
1	used to have a girlfriend, now all i got is hoes..
1	kyrie fast than a bitch with the ball look like you out there lollol i wish
1	it's still spring bitch
1	wya bitch
1	i call those my ghetto nunchucks...the reason i went 2 jail as well :(
1	a lot of you males need to dress up as real men for halloween since y'all be acting like bitches all year. 
1	we all know that one person that could say anything and you just look at them thinking "you're retarded, stfu" stupidbitches
1	i told you to unfollow that bitch but you ain't wanna listen barbie 
1	you bitch benito i thought i was the only one
1	yeah i like them too but im not annoying ass bitch about it. support them but dont bitch
1	this bitch really has no filter 
1	pussy boy gone die a bitch
1	it doesn't matter who i make out with in "spin the bottle" because i only invite the hottest bitches to play. ladykiller
1	all the pictures of the ex are gone...there's no pictures with the side hoe posted...*slides into his dm's like*
1	bitch get out cha, bitch get out cha, bitch get out cha feelings. in my feelings... wtf
0	that 'ouija' movie look like trash its really good.
1	i know how it feels to not have shit, believe me. i was born in the heart of la. it don't get anymore ghetto than that
1	don't trust hoes they ain't loyal
1	well now i'm crying like a little bitch
1	fuck joo musts broke this niggas heart stealin his bitch if he that hurt with her 
1	i'm not saying i'm for this but .. studs will fuck trannys but won't let they bitch strap them down you muhfuckas childish lol
0	yellow bone be oh so easy wit da name callin b
1	you're still a free world bitch , don't deserve your 313 area code
0	serious question here; how many country songs mention honkey tonk(s)?
1	this tweet was a booby trap and i caught 23 hoes.
1	real friends don't get offended when you call them bitch, hoe or slut. they smile and call you something more offensive..
1	when a pussy nigga socks you and doesn't knock you out.
1	fuckin bitches talkin shit bout to get hit.
1	what a narcissistic cunt he is.
1	- you a pussy i see yo whiskers
0	strong with the force, leprechauns are.
1	why y'all ain't tell me young thug nails look better then mine ? lol fckin faggot
1	side hoes always winning
1	i don't give a fuck about yo gal yo wifey or yo boo came here by myself bitch i'm tryna bone
1	minus all the retarded poor bots.
0	i find myself wanting to google "the yellow king" truedetective no kidding what is going on?
0	bu i do. i do hate the playa. and the yankees. if i hate the yankees for their payroll i have to hate the dodgers.
1	dont send me snapchats from something i wasnt invited to you rude ass bitch
0	that funky monkey
1	*goes to olive garden* *turns into a cracker* *goes black friday shopping* *turns into a nigger*"
1	their 1 insult. even if it's self-deprecating. the first thing straights go to is faggot, queer, tranny, gay. even supposed "allies".
1	first off , fuck your bitch ; the click you claim 
1	all these beautiful bitches, sucha beautiful thing
1	moment of truth, these hoes the truth
1	you ever have sex with a pharaoh. i put that pussy in a sarcophagus
1	where's ours at nigguh
1	can you imagine tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm slutin and still comin up unsuccessful
1	i don't care if you're gay, yeent bout to me calling me "bitch" and "fish" and thinking shit is sweet. i don't even like girls doing that.
1	man damn dude come get this bitch lml
0	star wars meets charlie brown
1	a bitch wanna get slick 
0	jay; i think once someone has alzheimer's, suffers from alcoholism and is mildly retarded, people shouldn't mak
1	stay pooned, bitches.....
1	these hoes ain't shit 
0	that's a very nice jig, kearney. now isn't dancing much more fun than bullying?"
1	you were there bitch lol
1	just like a bitch. typical shit. stepping in place. elliptical shit. wizard of hearts. mythical shit. watch yourself. mystical shit.
1	' get some head off twitter now niggahs that's bracken  ima baby momma killa , yo bitch she can get it  you...
1	niggas be having loyal pussy on call... and still be thirsty as fuck. like bro, go fuck your woman ; get some of them hormones out lol
1	a lot of dumb bitches out here....
0	this re-colored pictured of abraham lincoln is one of the coolest things ive seen in a while
1	shit where you from baltimore... man them hoes fine ; crazy
1	thanks for the invite tho bitch
1	someone came up ; told me that i pulled hoes today. i was pissed just because thats so fucking false that its sad.
1	god dam man that freestyle is so retarded that its fumny af omg
1	bitch get punched tf out lol
1	she dont wanna fuck me she wanna fuck my wrist.. tell her like young dro fuck dat bitch
1	money cars and clothes. and the hoes. lol. he just want be successful lol
1	"i'm feelin like malcolm in the middle, these bitches surround me they can't miss em"
1	i'd rather sit alone than fuck w/ iffy bitches.
1	1 thang i know these bitches come n go so keep em out your bussiness
0	it's crazy. if a female cheats, it's so wrong. she's every type of hoe there is but if a guy cheats, there's all these justific
1	"don't make me make you fall in live with a nigga like meee..." the birds 1;2 are my favorite songs by weeknd
1	my ananconda don't want none unless u clean those shitty buns hun 
1	yeah, eagles definitely aren't finishing 4th in division. not this year bitches.
1	will never happen faggot. got complemented on it today at golf by several times. ;)
0	i should start wearing beanies more
1	"i'm a funky ass honkey." - 's shout out to tonight before "cabaret"  jt2020tour
1	these bitches so fucking stupid smh
0	"my roommate is having sex and i'm eating oreos. it's gonna be a great year" - kutztown university
1	home of that one hoe katrina
1	you're a bad bitch and i want you.
1	i wasnt put on earth for a bitch not to like me; i damn for sure dgaffff 
1	" keeks is a bitch she curves everyone " lol i walked into a conversation like this. smh
0	seahawks fans are scheduled to meet up at pier 39 on sat. 5pm to trash talk and heckle san franciscans be prepared wear
1	i finally realize that these bitches just wanna see me down , wanna see me fall
1	dorks are fucking bitch-magnets. sorry.
1	fucc niccas dnt want no smoke
1	hoes and dey hoe poses
1	&lt;----- new avi:) me ;; my two yellow bitches ; '
1	bitch text me goodmorning first, or something.
1	rick james ain't even slap his bitches that hard
1	niggas sooooo pussy i swear i don't talk i'm all action
0	oreo drumstick
1	that's my lil nigga in the middle . i was locked wid bitch
1	girl i been wanting them shit i been growing them hoes for bout 6months
1	"i would rather you call me bitch than sir" -my manager
1	ratchet hoes wear flip flops that curl up and turned black like souls of slaves walked in them
1	up and let the heat pop bitch
0	time to bounce in the bronx. letsgoyankees walkoff
1	if he has a girlfriend don't be a hoe and text him yanno who u r 
1	bitches will be bitches.
1	this "deb" women at my eye appointment.. bitch
1	she a hoe cause your boyfriend want her? she scary cause she dont talk shit like y'all? she ugly cause you don't like her? grow up
1	that's kevin with the hoes 
1	ctfu, nigga's only call you a bitch when you speaking the truth about em or they don't get they way 
1	sweet milf in white lingerie has her hose ripped and her pussypounded
1	fuck all that huggin and kisses, i fuck all they bitches
1	fight me bitch.
1	bruh he threw that bitch
0	it's not ghetto you fool.
1	give a bitch 2 or 3 pumps ; that's it.
1	all the ratchet hoes on cecil b
0	a bright neon yellow gauntlet
1	cut deses bitches off like hibachi 
1	if you sweat pussy it's somethin new to you..
1	lmfao and im still pulling hoes so how is that suppose to effect me is it suppose to hurt my felling fuck boy
0	~~ruffled | ntac eileen dahlia - beautiful color combination of pink, orange, yellow ; white. a coll
1	all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe 
0	on this day 1941 the yankees joe dimaggio goes 0 for 3 with a walk vs cleveland indians to end his 56 game hitting streak
1	been a trill nicca since a lil nicca
1	lil cuz need to help a bitch out
1	i dive in tha pussy like... 
1	when a bitch all in ya mans face in public
1	there's too much groupie bitches. hard to come across girls who aren't overly social and friendly with everyone.
1	yes mimi bitch yo dumb ass got played
1	update: u are still a bitch
1	ha dat bitch in jail
1	rebelscience ......is using an actual woman as a genetic engineering lab for "all natural clones"..... or something...... faggot rome
1	fingering n eating the pussy at the same time is good 
1	weef fitm is that life fuck flappy bird
1	august alsina : ghetto 
0	endless but they really trash so none men: how many positive(s) and possibles do y'all have on fri thru sun night?
0	am ghetto
1	aye everyone buy some bombass brownies tomorrow from my wigga they don't contain marijuana b
1	man shut yo bord ass up want some hoes ? cdfu stay fuckjng wid me on here mann
1	if you slow down for a puddle you're a bitch
1	doesn't wife these bitches
1	i'm known around tampa as the ugly kid with no hoes
1	oh she is i respect that because bitches can be spiteful when it come to children
1	who tf is chrisis jones. a nigga botta get his ass beat clearly bitch nigga u see real niggas conversatin
1	that hoe smashed the whole team  chill lmao y'all fools
1	money ain't a thang, bitch that's a lie. it only controls every bitch that's alive.
1	if a bitch think i'm worried about her , that bitch overthinking 
1	if there was an invisible celestial judge who killed those who spew hate on palestinians, celebrities ; politicians would
1	bring her round these slums..... yo hoe will get slayed....
1	most them niccas i thought was real tried to derail me
1	i take it notre dame is still trash.
1	good pussy change ya life "
1	my hair is one of a kind so dont ever fix your mouth to say our hair is alike cause guess what hoe it aint.
1	i likes dat name. dem sand niggers needs to know dare place in da pecker order
0	there's always one...they never realize they are the worst- the unsolicited unaffiliated trash talker"
1	i'm beginning to thincc my brother is defiantly into fat mexican bitches....? eugh 
1	slay his ass alex, lil bitch needs to tighten the fuck and needs to stop acting like grown
1	life would be so much doper if you could order pussy like you do pizza
0	sent ideas in to voem , they only seem to wanna hold testing/drills in nice weather, we need to run mock incidents in bad weather, night,
1	"i just got a number 3 i'm a bitch boy"
0	cool beaners. i just got home. ready to keep my couch from floating away. lol
0	mets superstar pitcher is at the yankees game wearing a knicks hat knickstape
1	prolly not. they sound like little bitches.
1	' you messin with broke niggahs you gon be broke niggah 
1	on my way to fuck your bitch lmfao kittycopter
1	you know how these hoes be
0	yanks walk off win 
1	shoulda came to bird mans that shit was so lit
1	this song is the truth.... "i wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night onlyy you think that bitch yo bestfriend but she be all on me"
1	a boy won the scripps spelling bee by spelling 'knaidel'. used in a sentence: i'll never get any pussy because i know how to 
1	gonna straight hip check the next hillbilly who tries to apply the term "derecho" to a run-of-the-mill thunderstorm. wvwx
1	keyair angels ; female party promoters are not for me... most party promoters are hoes ; them angel bitches are 
1	btw, hillary is a huge supporter of the law they now admit to lying to all you stupid rubes about. she needs to be aske
1	man if that bitch dont call me back for the job cuhh, uma be snapping.
0	led christmas decor lights 10m 33ft 100 led fairy string light for outdoor/indoor,
1	honeybadger bitch
1	school is so pointless. im just trying to pass the class and get out this bitch
1	some these bitches got birkins and don't even have cars on the island.. let alone furniture
1	your a bitch if you hit a girl
1	yeah them hoes straight ima grab that light blue pair
1	we don't love this hoes
0	never have i seen a toddler chug a water bottle so fast lol
1	fucking gay faggot look at that gay ass pink shirt haha
1	lol stop fuckin wit dem birds. fuck y'all hoes all y'all do is lie
1	u can tell yo bitch we some yung rich homies
1	degenerateartist knows words&gt; bo jingo dangle fan slang ho, ting pang lick drum swing flick alarm bic&gt; but you can't hear fire can you?
1	i hate a extra ass bitch or an extra ass nigga . you're doing too much , just stop . it's unnecessary .
1	i be so confused when y'all be tweeting "i wanna bitch that can roll my weed ;smoke all night with" like wtf kind of standards 
1	well then with all further ado get da fock out ya lil bitch
0	neonics are deadly to birds like the american kestrel and bees. ask to take it off their shelves. ecowed
1	i don't care how much i hate a girl, i'll never call her a hoe, bitch, slut or any of that shit lol
0	y u not on the monkey bars too lol
0	poont gotta be trash
1	having a bitch come in handy during times like this 
1	no bitch u were not born with 7 pounds of sephora and mac on ya face, that's not ya natural face
1	i hate my manager so much she makes me wanna throw silverware at her stupid bitch ass
0	if im trash ur trash since we baes now
1	why girls be so embrrased when they pussy fart? embrace that shit. make the cheeks clap with it. we finna beatbox.
1	jump out 2nd floor window cuz i'm over my side bitch crib and my girl beatin on the door - josh shaw
1	i swear these hoes *aint got nothing on you * 
1	back in the g, getting pregnant was a big deal, now these bitches getting pregnant ; its like "what else new ?"
0	and plus, it's trash talk. you should know that especially with ole miss.
1	don't beef over no bitch..
0	victory yankees outlast a's, 10-9 in 14 innings. eduardo nunez the hero, and oh yeah, first place still resides in the bronx.
1	faux noise pundits don't like duck molester, pro-slavery racist, homophobic teabagger darling phil robertson either
1	basement diving mook bastards
0	*too pretty...not *to pretty. jeezus...my redneck education is showing.
1	tanks a lot dare mr. pubes. i love my uncle tom :)
0	i don't wanna hear sgt. tahmooressi's name come outta the preezy's mouth. he couldn't be bothered then, keep his pie ho
1	my bitch doesn't even know you so wtf r u talking about nigga stop fucking dreaming
0	yeah they trash. q... this man capitalized his h tho.... i'm takin all ya fans.
1	this bitch look like a fucking white trash trailer park queen lookin man bear pig.
1	nobody cares, bitch
0	them jants be clutch for bedtime tho 
1	i would never fight a nigga for vagina...that's what hoes do lmao
1	bitch i might be
1	boyyyyy if i had a bitch who pussy taste lil mama's spaghetti.... that would b 1 happy bitch
1	lmaoooooo dre really is a big sloppy bitch. he's fat as shit.
1	all the great qb's fold under pressure gshit if u blitz peyton ass he gon gook out
1	still downtown with these bitches.
0	luckily for my friends i'm a yellow belt in karate, which is unfortunate for the bonner dudes lookout
0	tbt my precious gook baby 
1	eff dem hos.
1	man bitch you then fucked up. i'll burn yall house down again hoe . that's why bumble bee your real grandma hoe
1	" if you aint bout that murder game pussy nigga shut up "
1	fuck. i forgot to wear a belt. i'ma feel like a coon all day now.
1	 lmfao how side bitches be when you scoop them up in the daytime
1	bitch, yo muthafukin ass reacting off that vain females' tweet ; dont no the context, her dumb ass dont neither
1	this bitch lying to me 
1	 now this hoe bad
1	i'm avoiding commitment because these hoes ain't loyal
1	my momma talm bout 'these kids party more than their parents '  tf duh, why would you think it's ok for you to pussy pop at 
1	music is the only bitch i put up with
1	hahaha good luck with that one bitch
1	how is it fucked up, you fucking retard? condemning ray rice, yet supporting chris brown, who's a women abuser. that's logical?
1	hi bitch no bitch bye bitch"
1	gotta love it when the islamofascist cow tries to make a retort about age, typical muzzie idiocy
1	you bitches all got that one friend who wear the same fit to every other function and it don't even be that clean
0	when i die on flappy bird
1	nah but i was worth that 52 character, bitch.
0	might walk to dunkin donuts, i want a oreo coffee coolatta.
1	i've been knowing fag
1	we all need to be aware....that's there is alot more going on in this world than ya'll flagrant asses care to know abo
0	you're secretly a yankee fan you'll admit it some day
1	i'm gonna drink monster til i sue we gettin the bitch gottagetthe30
1	how do you have a beautiful female and still find a way to fuck w/ ratchet hoes.. i don't get it 
1	i feel like a bitch that just got her heartbroken a day before her wedding
0	hella just ordered me some beanies
1	math is forever confusing to me retard
1	someone needs to get this boring nike fag off the stage.
1	lets record a song bitch right nowb
1	bumpin that nigga nigga rick ross b.m.f this hoe going harrrrd highh outside enjoying this weather
1	y'all boyz was fried fuck dat pussy nigga in the blue doe
0	nba, handle your zebras.
1	apparently the current hair trend for hollywood bitches is to look like you lost a fight with a weed whacker.
1	"real men ask for nudes" correction. pussy ass bitches ask for nudes. real men are out there working for women ; actually h
1	i eat generic oreos.. baller with a budget bitch.
0	right now: newscenter 5 projecting charlie baker will be gov-elect by a razor thin margin wcvb
1	bitch act like she never seen a face mask bitchplease
0	how i feel when i'm throwing trash away... everyday in school.
1	fuck bitches get money
1	that's why i don't stunt these hoes on instagram. teamrealbooty
1	your bitch when my skechers light up .
1	ohh yaa, he wants brooke to be his pinkie toe so he can bang it on the coffee table. what a twat lol
1	jordyn stays making fun of how i eat like a little bitch"
1	you giving me head tonight or nah ?  i'll shoot your fucking pussy hoe
1	just took electric stim to my pussy eeek back on in 5 mins
0	i'd do anything for an oreo vanilla bean drink from dunkin ; a chocolate chip muffin from there too..i'm starving ; that sounds so good now.
1	are you single but your pussy is in a relationship?
1	dad isn't your name faggots a little more fitting.
1	wiz need to go back to the "yeahhhhhhh bitch" "okkkk" wiz
1	i hate when people ask who you tryna look good for? bitch myself bye
1	 bitches so late  ion exposed 
1	floyd please deliver me from temptation as i oh so wish this bitch would hurry thee fuck up so i can surfboard on my bed.
0	hey arlington democrats for you early birds, join us tomorrow. it's the second saturday of april.
1	a girl knows when a bitch likes her boyfriend 
0	you're like a lucky leprechaun with a charmed day on your hand... more for gemini
0	derekjeter as a lifelong yankees man, i will miss you. firstballot unanimous
1	if you can fuck my bitch , then she ain't "my bitch"
1	you ever randomly woke up and ya bitch standing over you, just staring.
1	i need a real bitch
1	if i got $50 and my girl got $0 then i still got $50 cause that bitch should have a job.
1	you ain't trynna fuc ? get ya shoes hoe
1	she feelin a young niggah
0	ugh
1	i don't gang bang ho, i jus gang bang these hoes 
1	lmaooooo bro you still got that shit you are a hoe we boxing when you come back nigga
1	yu take this money we gon throw a party on that pussy
1	today was just joints on joints on joints of some reserve wit my niggah smokindrankin
1	creeping with my side bitch hope i don't get caught cheating
1	"fresh nigga so you kno i need a clean bitch... who kno i'm working cuz i wanna see my team rich."
1	roid rage much faggot?
1	that broad 7 days moe what earth is this? nigga rihanna prolly the sexiest bitch on earth
1	how to get unlimited pussy in high school
1	"in my mind" gotta be the dumb hoe anthem...
1	bitch shut up men are talking an
0	the editorial board endorses charlie crist for governor -- better for floridians
0	the only things you need in life are comfy shirts and oreos southernshirt
1	stepping away from the twitter beef. i'm going to bed cause i gotta be up at 5. gotta go be a redneck asshole at my us
0	if you a hoe ima treat you like one just like if you're a good girl ima treat you like one. i don't discriminate
1	what are you gonna do? i'ma chase you out the club, like mobb deep did to you, pussy.
1	you ain't a real nigga without goal a to chase and a yellow bone bitch w/ some toes to paint
1	why these bitches be gettin instagrams just to post pictures of other bitches?? i dont get it
0	advice tip for people: 1 stick hand in glue 2 stick hand in feather 3 now you are like bird. impress your friend.
1	hey i guess yall forgot im in this bitch too lol
1	you tha hoe
1	i love my sperm cells too much to waste it on a bitch with no hair
1	no, you're a nigger, go pick my cotton
1	nofilter i been getting money i ain't worried 'bout a ho, no matter the occasion i'ma always get the dough 
0	i'd kill to meet charlie sheen.
1	you may not like my stance on cops, but i didn't (and would not) call you a cunt. please stop copying me on these tweets.
1	should i expect good pussy or good but not good for you pussy from a tampico drinker?
0	i don't think they believe in their communities ability to function w/out whitey. they choose to be hustled by big gov't...
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | closeup | amateur pussy player milf close up
0	i just wanna cuddle with my boyfriend under a fuzzy blanket ; drink hot tea and have my hair played with so i can go to bed.
1	i feel bad for her nicca tho ... ya girl a hoe my nicca
1	bitches with no tits or ass dont even get a hug from me... you're one of the boys now.. you get a handshake.
1	y'all hoes ain't slick
1	i just can't date a ghetto ass girl bruh
1	and then everyone bitches anyways. the guy can't win with the fans we have. we would run revis out of here in his prime
1	chase really got hoes in every state it's crazy his name the truth
1	have you ever slapped a bitch for giving you a big hickey wiggy wiggy wiggy
1	alexfromtarget gets a million retweets but chrisfromwalmart cant even get a bitch to text him back....
1	run in ya spot, smash ya hoe fuck on ya couch
1	wtf, "show me the hoe facts"
1	there's pussy makeup?
1	fasho fasho .. hurry ya ass up nicca
0	i can't wait to wear warm fuzzy sweaters 
1	the person who significant other a hoe and you the s/o cheating
1	yeah man. he even scare me and i is a nigger
0	wow redskins don't want this
1	i'm gonna rock out with my cock out, and you're gonna jam out with your clam out
1	lookie here folks i'm not a chocolate, thick, natural haired female nudes=trash
1	blood this nigga dion retarded
1	i'm out this bitch too
1	we don't play  bitch there's no take backs
0	if someone pushes you too hard today, they may be surprised ho... more for capricorn
1	trippin over a rock &gt;&gt; trippin over a bitch
0	annoying yelling bint next door has locked herself out.
1	who is da "we" whitey?
0	so am i the only cracker up playing his guitar (thank you ) on this saturday night?
1	gucci mane on a bitch
1	"if you're a bad bitch put your hands up high" every girl in the room starts waving there hands around.
0	scott brooks finds new ways to flip me the bird each game. i know it's the right move but idontcare kdstreak imsad
0	ciara not a ghetto name.. well kinda but its not ashanti
1	might go to plaq hcbitch who you gone go with
1	call him a pussy as he should
1	you said i texted u and told u i missed you? yeah i did bitch like 4 weeks ago. grow up
1	pillow talking too yo hoe hating on a nigga fuck around loose ya hoe like that 
1	i'm still mad because this nigga really said "i got bitches texting me asking me..." oh really ? but let me say sum wit that in it 
1	bouta take a shower just to fuck yo bitch
1	my nig jus found out his girl fuckin anotha nig so he meets up wit dis nigga.....
1	pic so confusing.. looks like a dyke, but has a hoe pooci.. 
1	there's a lot of big booty bitches at pharr gym 
1	need a down bitch to bring me pizza
1	ready to bounce out dis bitch
1	hey. aside. this was my graduation cap. like fuck you, bitch, detroit what.
1	all these hoes sweating and chasing niggas on this show
1	hoes these days
1	we slap bitches 
1	what's a queen without a king? ...a lonely ass bitch
1	i hate when italian ppl say "olive garden isnt real italian food" fuck ur grandmas roasted casserole you bitch olive garden i
1	well i feel like a bitch.. 
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	girls with six packs are scary..... just have a flat stomach that's hot enough.... ripped bitches are scary looking.
0	do i remember a game winning jack to right last summer at yankee stadium that started a p
1	i'm not gone see your baby monkey lil ass anyway funky ass
1	that bitch is dirty
1	assyria got hella hoes
1	just seen a dude wearing all black and white outfit with pyrex shorts. she's getting some pussy tonight.
0	cheers dude might nip to town for theeditors vinyl ;-) musicmatters
1	i wanna sleep but i'm outside with this nigger lol trying to hang him
1	ur weird, racist bitch.
1	it's not colored in... dumb dick
1	i wonder if i oomf i be like i want fuck would i be wrong or  you a be one brave as bitch
1	beat the pussy down like my nemesis
1	if these 3 drop a song together bitches will never run out of quotes
1	i take a bitch to houston's she better not speak to another nigga while the meal still in her digestive system
0	el negro?
0	i find it amusing that senator is an anchor baby. lmao
1	it's a sleepover? can i come robe? only if that bitch silk... 
1	johns.... be honest.... you got hoes in different area codes
1	ima be home tomorrow so line up a bitch for me
1	smack a bitch no filter
0	we hate them more than the cowboys and yankees.
1	i can't believe that someone announced before the movie to the crowd that "they came for the bitches" 
1	yall bitches be liking yall asses ate lmfao
1	lmaoooooo if we cuddle then im sliding something thick in your pussy, just a warning
1	where are all those whiny bitches when kris left? how come lulu ain't gettin shit?
1	all these bad bitches, man they want the ____
0	girls that wear colored jeans 
0	god bless you whitey. i be sleepin in tomorrow
1	no one cares nigger
1	the bitch coach said she didn't like my attitude.
0	weird to see a local yokel "journalist" get worked up enough to take such a pointed side, though. thought they were impartial.
1	bitch. we could have went to als. but noooooooo. 
1	well i just got conformation that is your body count is five or above, it's high and you a hoe 
1	xavier a hoe, he never lookin out..
1	he looks like a pretty dyke
1	pussy so good got me running through the hood
1	they didn't want to fuck steve that bitch lmao
1	i smell i smell i smell, pussy
0	you're from a trash can
1	citi field bitches
1	i remember his nephew lucas crying and dan saying "quit being such a pussy and grow a pair" or something.  dans so funny.
0	someone tell the royals to stay home there trash
1	only tweet me if that pussy got superpowers
0	lax gun laws? ur retarded. there's murder there bcuz no one can defend themselves. only crooks have guns there
0	didyouknow: the comstock lode was a boon 4 as it grew 2 20,000 ppl ; became 1 of the largest ; wealthiest
1	she from the d. she might have some hoes on the stroll. all jokes aside dej loaf dress like jerome h
1	you football nigga kiss isis wifebeater faggots&gt; we see you&gt; shout it out to the radical islamnation, yo&gt;
1	spring is almost here.. i realized that my collection of hoes has severely decreased 
0	guys number 42 on the yankees looks like uncle stevie lmao im dying
1	don't no real bitch want no soft nigga..
1	i just seen your main bitch i might fuck with her
1	lmao this bitch.
1	who else hated this bitch nigga ??
1	really out here tho bitch.
1	do it pussy
1	or he's eating it cuz he's with a women who just can't cook then u gotta get rid of that hoe
1	i swear these anon fags go to protests just to take pictures to post to twitter. "look, i was there...like me"
0	dey wants to rename our main street mlk blvd. i told dem dat will even scare da colored folks away
1	all these bitches wanna be like kim k and fuck their way into being rich but it don't work like that. get a degree ; work a desk job you hoe
1	thats yo bitch she my bitch too
1	i wake up every morning wishing a bitch would.
1	talking angela is a hoe
1	you're a stupid hoe
1	sh*t if k michelle was apart of baltimore twitter she'd be one of them hoes saying she's celibate smh
1	wow. i'm lost. are those buttcheek piercings? yeah she's a hoe
1	let me show you how that pussy work brian mcknight should have more accolades. his music is everything. everything.
1	jean skirt ass hoe
1	i hear ya hoe
1	what he was clearly stating to the masses is....pussy is to be shared...so girl send out dat pussy to my shark
1	for all you hoes know i could be dj zetti
1	fags***
1	im running like a bitch  michael clifford, role model and inspiration to many
1	so toodles to you bitches , goodnight 
1	i heard your mama raised you like bitch
1	nc's weather is seriously fucken retarded. how is it gonna be 40 something today and almost 80 saturday
1	"does my mewtwo make your pussy wet?"
0	poor coon.......snow stopped here,now if the wind would it might be nice out,well for winter
0	just getting in i hope so. cause they stunk it up last night.
1	i lost it. "you think you're too good for me? you paper bitch" and i fell on the bed and i fell off the bed and i slept on the floor.
0	it's not as easy as you'd think to find an astronaut monkey outfit at the last minute.
1	bitch ion got no attitude  sorry hoe i'm shaded rn
1	i don't fight or want to fight bitches who don't know who the fuck i am. fuck i look like doing that? nigga, please
1	bytch was an infant... how the hell this bitch 18 talking bout how much she remember bout pac before he died?
1	what an inconsiderate bitch
1	fuck your mother, faggot
1	bitch boys
1	when you see a bitch nigga subtweet you
1	hoes out here selling pussy for some new uggs you disqualified
1	drink some bleach bitch if it was you, youda done the same thing. teamzimmerman"
0	who's downie like a brownie 4 brunch? need mimosas
1	fuck off bitch
1	' hoes on my mind , i fuck hoes all the time . fattrel
0	watch: excited isis jihadis getting their yezidi sex slaves on 'distribution day'
1	bitch, bye  dawg look at this shit 
0	praise thy lord for this season of beanies that is upon us
1	ive went through 50 fags in 5 days, not very happy sad
1	i really am always there for my bitches and they know that .
1	bitches in middle school be like
1	this bitch think she cute and have all the guys over her hunny ur fake asf just like ur weave he dont even like u stfu
1	they thought i wouldn't make it pussy nigga we made it
1	22. but we make it and this bitch sits on the couch and turns on ice age the movie and asks us if were hungry like we arent t
1	wheres my bitch wit my sammich then?
1	lol. nice crutch hoe.
0	lmfao the new york have won 27 world series titles the most of all-time.
1	here this bitch go ... lol
1	 this hoe just dm'd me sayin "never give up in your dreams"...fuckin fortune cookie ass hoe, fuck out my dm's
1	that shit's for the birds
1	this time a night dark skin niggas really turn into lightskin niggas i swear i seen a darkie try buying starbucks 3mins ago but they closed
1	molly make bitches crazy
1	i'm off work, where the naked hoes and alcohol?
1	you a hoe ass savage, this shit brings up memories so cook on my g.
0	 thotgoals .. i wanna learn how to jigg really good so i can be in the circle.
1	that hoe was nipping
1	"ain't that about a bitch"... what does that mean?
0	country boy, hick lyfe, white tee, rebel flag
1	when tyler the creator said "rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome"
0	i forgot you're the same bull that said yeezus was good and that j.cole is trash
1	that pussy fat whatchu feeding it?
1	check out our 12th man. cowboysnation" even with all those faggot ny fans in the stands
0	yee boy my yung nicca told me dat waxx
1	jk i would be a bitch if i got them done
1	and this is why i'm single, i don't fuck with bitches or there attitudes foh.
0	the paranoid fear of sharia on the right boils down to: christian fundamentalists should be the sole oppressors and persecu ...
1	probably going to tackle kenzie when i see her tbh i miss my bitch
1	to hell with the plasticassed bitch
0	so trash
1	no thanks lady, you look like you just got off the white trash train, i'd rather not catch a disease. kthxbai
1	or my cup filled love a bitch that know to keep me one rolled
1	creeping death still stuck in my head bitch
1	shit hoes post on instagram pt 1...
1	how you fucc for cash but u not a hoe ???? and how i'm going to respect u if your poccets broke ??????
0	not the "farewell tour's" fault everyone but three players underachieved for the yankees this year.
1	these bitches funny like mike epps
1	dis niga at da gas station trippin. tol his bitch " bitch who dnt wana ride wit a niga n a caddy on4s trued up bitch jus shut the fck up lol
0	rahal's an idiot. second time this year he's wrecked someone under yellow.
1	most of worried about looking like a hoe. gon regret it when u get older. cuz u missing out on a lot of fun
1	love a bitch fight
1	hoes have no life
0	on set of bluebloods. hoping there are no birds perched above me...
1	he's a pussy
1	i hate a bitch dat act like a nigga. 
1	hate aw they "gym" cunts in ma year, i'd rather eat like a pig and drink like i've got a problem
1	hoes will be hoes, monday - saturday ; starting again sunday after church services.
1	i wish my bitch ass mother would give me my 5grand for.child support, fuckin bitch
1	ocho is approaching bitches
1	excuse me, here's your nose. i found it in my business hoe.
0	i need some clams on the half shell :-). down here all you can get is deep fried clam necks.
1	bitch you tweaking hoe tweaking hoe 
1	i almost was nice once.. then i realized people need to toughen up and stop being such emotional bitches
1	bitches better watch out because we're running the tables tonight 
1	 look at this shit imma bitch forreal 
1	like i said drose needs to stop being a pussy lol
1	15. did twitter ever get you pussy/dick
1	lol girrrrl these bitches crazzzzy
1	bitch u ugly then hoe
1	brutus looking girl getting off the elevator as i'm walking into a different one... no bitch u can't come in, u can't u can't come in.
0	do girls wear bathrobes still cuz i have really cute fuzzy $60 bathrobe from victorias secret, is that even ok to wear 
1	so was i cunt, welcome to twitter
0	oreos and coffee for brunch. i do what i want
1	yo hoe will get slayed 
1	chance. acid rapper. soccer hackey-sacker. cocky khaki jacket jacker. slap happy faggot slapper.
1	fuck this fuckin bitch and her stupid analysis bullshit
1	stick by his side and don't give his pussy up . .
1	that fucking slutty beaner
1	early bird gets the dick 
1	ladies you are not a hoe if you fucked on the first night. don't let these lonely bitches lie to you.
1	if that pussy aint organic, preservative free, no growth hormones, fresh, usda approved, i aint fuckin with it.
1	ion be understanding how all you hoes drop yall nuts at once but when a bitch on your ass you can't hear a mouse piss 
1	after the age of 21 its about credit scores, future plans and creating assets. not cars, clothes, niggas/bitches, clubs, 
1	yeah. can't lie tho spitting on a cop car right with their bitch ass in it feels damn good.
1	if your tweets have never offended anyone, then you tweet like a little bitch.
1	now ma'am ... every jawn on here been tryna have they pussy cop a feel on donte's peen
1	yh i did niggah yh that shyt dope trust me fam ..
1	when you make a beat with a pencil in class and the teacher says "keep making that trash ass beat and i'll fail you" ht
1	i know when bitches discuss me in a group message the words "asshole" "cute" and "douche bag" are abused excessively
1	ain't nuttin ta cut that bitch off
1	eventually every bitch turns into that hoe." truuu
1	turnup on all of you hoes
1	we live in a world full of unloyal hoes ; ugly niggas asking for hugs
0	i can't play flappy bird. it makes me angry.
1	this ain't no bitch ass boom bap, it's click clack move back.
1	i dont hide bitch im high when im in public
1	this hoe mimi said "i hurt my hand"  bitch her throat 
1	2 bad bitches, 3 glocks, 4 choppas
1	we should play together soon i've been playing with random faggots but it's fun
1	any dope nigga or pretty chick is gon have people wantin their attention.. y'all gotta grow up with that "you got hoes" shit..
0	rotherdam rapejihad coverup: young girls sacrificed on altar of political correctness in favor pf paki pedo gangs
1	den you enjoy da nite wit a colored man. we do it again in 2 weeks. lets me no if i needs ta bring da magnums
0	only good thing about this season. firecashman .
0	i'm confused. martins indi just drew a yellow card, but i didn't see him steal a tank from the brazilian army and open fire 
1	so i guess that makes us blacks double niggers, huh?
1	fuck the club. especially dallas clubs. nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas.
1	pretty ass niggah.
1	this bitch fell straight through the chair... im high, of course i laughed.. even if i wasn't i would've still laughed.
1	there is nothing wrong with ariana grande..... just cause she don't look like hoe.... y'all gotta a probl
1	some bitches are relentless. you can curve her a hundred times and she still wants the dick
0	i am extremely sad to have to admit that some of the best 21st century arabic rhymes have been written by jihadis
1	y'all big braid gelled baby hair havin bitches look like dashiki from don't be a menace ... this is not up for discussion
1	themostannoyingthingsinlife people who are never happy and bitch-n-moan 100% of the time.
1	play some ' fuck bitches get money ' music
1	damn i hate a bitch that like to argue and shit
1	that bitch is goin off off off
1	i'm not mexican enough for the real beaners yet too mexican for the americanized beaners :(
1	where's the pic of her standing again this bitch looks like voltorb
1	eat a lot of protein eat a lot of pussy mattietrumpstipsforabetterlife eat the whole ass
1	when a super bad bitch walk past u and u can't help but stare
1	when did we become a nation of giant dripping whiny pussies, anyway? make this dude president of iraq, even. he's the man
0	i can't even find it in me to mock anymore. this is scary. this mass ignorance is terrifying. yes, alas, i agree.
0	my lakers are going to be so trash this season i can't wait  :(
1	sitting pretty makes bitches mad pretty much
1	on break feeling xxxtra dumb cause i forgot my lunch money like a hoe
1	we in here turn up turn up wheres the bitches
1	little bitch
0	time to dump another diet coke in the trash
1	niggas be like "i get 3 times the pussy you get" jokes on you fam 3 times 0 is zero
1	why would a white man even go to a nigger hell hole of detroit? an i've worked in a town how. y'all good niggers
1	either bitches fake gay or fake happy
0	wtmf is murica? you say it, you should be thunderpunched in the throat, or sole stomped.
1	vanessa is such a fuckin faggot.
1	lmao dylan just got called a pussy by mr o himself takes skill 
1	the seamstress gon do/mob action in this bitch, u meaningless to da crew
1	if anyone ever gets an attitude or w e with me idgaf who it is i am going to be a bitch right back 
1	i hate a bitch that think she the shit, bitch you basic as the fuck
1	don't tell the dumb hoes that
0	yankees shouldn't rely on the long ball in the playoffs yankees mlb
1	if you can't get pussy without lying to a girl you wack don't hate. appreciate.
1	like she got a death touch? this bitch standing in front of me looking like rogue from the xmen
1	big fucking deal...cry baby niggers
1	gave a homeless guy a couple bucks today and didn't even say thank you, just walked away ha okay ungreatful son of a bitch.
1	dad: why are your eyes so red? son: i smoked weed, dad. dad: don't lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.
1	i was in her while her nigger was in there makin dinner
1	where tf lyssa toilet mouth ass ?  wassupyou be twatching hoe 
1	i have no hoes 
1	chuck e cheese isn't the same as when i was a kid. chuck a skinny bitch ; they took away the ball pit. man wtf
1	she fuckin wit a young niggah
1	yessss bitch
1	i be like wassup bitch? \( o)/ ) ) | \ | |_ "huh? nothing" that's what i thought hoe. (o ) &lt;) 
1	i'm assuming it would look something like a bitch slap and a dickpunch
1	u going to get dropped bitch im a fucking nigga who got a fucking dick
0	  tiny jihadi
1	all the hoes on loveandhiphop going to prom 
1	lil hoe tweets on point
0	i can't wait to see the new planet of the apes.
1	so before you wear a thong get yo pussy in check
1	status report: making a pit stop in canada to rape bitches
1	big booty bitches with... ass tits"
1	"we just gotta have a red headed afrotino-asian albino autistic branch davidian hermaphrodite on the avengers"
1	i ain't no lady bitch
1	long tittie no nipple havin ass bitch
1	life's a bitch. you've got to go out and kick ass.
1	if you're having girl problems i feel bad for you son. i got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
1	i'm dre's a bitch tho 
1	spike lee is one of those [wealthy] people he bitches about that's causing gentrification.
1	yall can stop rting that whataburger shit too cuz i'm still gon eat there. shouldn't have ordered the chicken dumb bitch.
1	ungrateful bitches never happy how u not happy? what u mean u ain't happy? youngjefe
1	monkey ; his cigarette. he's dead serious 
1	been watching madea plays every night singing ass bitches
1	lol rahshauna has hoes
0	yankees will never have someone wear a single digit uniform again after this season wow. shows that is an epic organization
0	ion kno wat kinda spring clothes imma get my yung nicca dis year we ain't doin da polo dis year gotta offset em wit sumthin else
1	so they could complain about racial profiling i'm sure, bloody twats
0	we gave guncontrol a chance. it failed. no more of this gunsense nonsense. momsdemand is statist trash
1	 loyal pussy .
1	people bitch because they lose an hour of sleep today but it evens out and we get more daylight
1	my "bitch stfu" game strong asf '
1	bitch please. don't get shot, doug.
1	as soon as we left iraq all these towel heads think they can fucking barge in and take over what we worked so hard to set up. pisses me off.
0	darkies dgaf gotta chill wit his yellow 4thofjulyfly outfit man
0	yellow in paris fantastic effort from allezwiggo and vroomfroome..now just the last stage up for grabs gocav tdf12"
1	these bitches act local and think global.....
0	my manager new brand | pre - order now w/ (404) 394-1570--&gt; "red lust" ; "cherry white" beanies
1	' leo apolonio look this niggah did a drive by on the bike
1	i hate how girls bitch about e v e r y t h i n g
1	praying for a bitch
0	damn lol janay rice speaks on the domestic violence costume that mocks her marriage
1	hella hoes
1	us ghettos-driven by liberal ideology; forged by unions ; bankrupted by self-serving dems catering to parasitestcot
1	she come to visit and the pussy too good, she gotta move to the city within 3 months after yall first fuck or it ain't gon work.
0	i thought he would think it was cute...you know, like when you shut your clam up for 5 minutes dunce
1	i am the real vampire nigger.
1	i roll a blunt better than the bitches in havana cause i'm the king round here
1	i don't kick it with fuck nights and bitches
1	yassss bitch
1	tick tack toe linin' up yo hoe
1	bitch do it look like i care  n  o  o  o o  o o     . .  . .
1	only white trash watch football.
0	a bird that courts females by building a beautiful nest with bright objects:  wildlife
1	rambo bout to flex on these hoes
1	what things do you love?  myself weed pussy life 
0	hot off the press, heres todd mcshays first post-combine nfl mock draft, including a new no. 1.
1	smoke good weed with a bad bitch
1	a girl who's a hoe on twitter 
1	hoes gon' be hoes, let them be.
1	talking about you hate men and done with penis but go get you a manly looking chick that uses a strap on bitch stfu
1	like damn. sorry i'm not a girl that hoes around and has sex with 20 billion guys.
1	eat mangos, get bitches. to be honest, i don't do either of these.
1	yall bitches don't know how to be friends 
1	them wet say trav see if they got them hoes in cali i will send you my money
1	boom bitches
1	i'm your bitch down for whatever
1	jealous bitch. 
1	how you insecure but a hoe? tf
1	"whaaaaaat lmaooo that's why i luv u fat bitches cuz y'all got some big ole titties and phat booties"
1	harlem shake is just an excuse to go full retard for 30 seconds."
1	nahh , whatever you are spook or spic, i still don't like you . good day
1	katy's grand exit tonight from firehouse &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; hasta la bye bye bitches 
1	shut up you stupid bitch
1	i wonder how much pussy justin bieber gets....."
1	ima knock da pussy out like fight night
1	i hate how some of you bitches come to school musty . like how tf you walk out your house stank ? your mama ain't shit
1	iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody  bucketsproverbs
0	i wanna go to the ghetto club tonight.
1	twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussy/sold pussy on backpage
1	"stay beautiful you bitch""
1	niggaaaaaa, why these bitches trip so hard over a nigga? when will they realize they're gonna grow up ; regret the fool?
0	the mandate still being in effect means the marriage ban in nevada is unconstitutional. trial court is yet to enter injun
1	when a bitch don't want a real job they just become strippers lol" lol.
1	just made that test my bitch
1	shit he prolly is other than that everybody else trash
1	nah my nigga just tried to set me up with the ugliest bitch of all time at the club just now. we officially ain't friends no more dawg wtf
1	shoutout to everybody that follow a nicca
0	cheeky lol i want those all black and yellow 95's again... ughh i  those
1	my nig been talking bout what he gonna be for halloween since july, to excited
1	how the bitch ear get burnt?
1	hahahaha basic bitches so funny
1	; had me so high off the monkey nutts yesterday nbs 
0	lbum de fotos: csitaly: [ts3]fairy tail - satan soul mirajane strauss made with the sims 3. happy...
1	bitch im always out
1	that nigguh will never play football again
0	"that's why god made brownies. to replace boys."
1	like the song french, "got all the black bitches mad because my main bitch strawberry" lololol
1	why are some people such faggots? like were you born that way or are you just that big of a douche bag.
1	too bad hes a faggot
1	i pull up in a gimme yo bitch
1	when i hear a baby cry at a restaurant i can literally feel my pussy slam a door closed and throw out the gone fishing
1	i'm back bitches 
1	your a punk pussy ass bitch dude you don't have the balls to fight all you wanna do is wanna hit girls your a fuckin bitch
1	hey it works. most people hate me for it but as long as i'm still happy they can bitch all they want 
1	he's been drinking too much of that shitty canadian hoser beer eh
1	fuck all cops. and fuck you too tarah. bitch your elongated nose is shaped like a horses dick.
1	i'm also looking to hire full time bitches
1	i was kidding guys i don't have hoes, don't let lie to y'all.
0	how do people not realize the jig ?
1	remember when i would spank everyone in meme wars? because i do faggots
1	bitches love some alex from target 
1	edward did oss, he sparkled  bitch reality
1	bad bitches only ...
1	i do not like talking to you faggot and i did but in a nicely way fag
1	my bitch 
0	a muslim wmn covers the yellow star of jewish neighbour with her veil to protect her, sarajevo,1941.
1	hate when bitches with long hair decide to get a haircut. nothin good ever comes out of that
1	if you aint fucking me , feeding me , or supporting me your opinion is irrelevant bitch.
1	when i see a super bad bitch and she happen to be from my city i just feel the need to shoot my shot.
0	charlie baltimore look good for 45 
1	ifwedate i eat da pussy better than a lesbian.
1	" these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it "
0	perfect stock photography for an article about not letting a leprechaun-looking handyman get into your liquor cabinet
1	hoes on my jitterbug
1	i'm steady hearin bout these suppose to be tuff street niccas gettin fuccd n dey ass smh gay boyssmh sad 
1	that "boss ass bitch" song got basics thinking they're models lmao knowyourplace 
1	this bitch not tellin me
1	i bet there are hella rednecks who just got super pissed at that coke commercial
1	i love everybody ion hate these bitches
1	"alright bitches we are the kayne's now"
1	rohan a bitch yo 
0	skate 2 trash :(:( skate 3 had goat dlc
1	this headache is a bitch 
1	wtf bitchdasss why i ain't come to practice
0	of course win or lose you always had the most exciting matches. spilt blood and all and you aren't a trash talker
0	ask the governor how we are supposed to pay for this? typical teabagger mentality. government is evil until we need them lol morningjoe
1	when the side bitch try to approach you in public.
1	this bitch isn't pretty? she's just showing off her body in pictures. she's nasty.
1	fuck her right in the pussy
1	you niggers cheat on ya gf's? smh....
1	can't turn a hoe into a house wife, fact
1	what should i name my cat, ideas?" mr pussy
1	tori better watch-out from her hoes..she's gonna get caught up 
1	 brittany bitch u my dog man 
1	1000 rts and he'll spark this hoe in here
1	it's still going ... i'm gonna start singing cause this nigga got the hoes
0	early bird gets the worm right? hopefully i get a job soon after today
1	whats wrong w/ this marie hibben bitch..
0	naw... i'm trash... keep ya pity hugs...
1	wallah i'll drop kick this bitch
1	what it ih hoe, wassuh ..can a nigga get in dem guts
1	twitter is not a source of news broadcast you fucking retards" it is when nbc, abc, cnn, fox, etc are all keeping quiet.
0	 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope --top rated spa 718-622-0221 - 24
1	you boil my blood, just how spoilt and how much ae an arrogant bitch you are. if u try to show off i'll flip nd most likely go nuts ohwell
1	i'm always a call away if ya need me nigs
1	you a lame ass nigga still cuffin these hoes my bitch got a bitch with er
1	every super hero a bitch except iron man peter parker the biggest hoe loser ass nigga no bitches no cribs no whips
1	roman catholics in the us are trash. they give catholics in europe a bad name.
1	ayyy tell that bitch in your avi she needs fix a flat for dat flat ass
1	you don't know what your talking about retarded faggot
1	why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you shud be beware beware
1	this is what the niggers dont like
1	i am working fag
1	a lot of y'all hoes pretty until a nigga enlarge that avi...
1	we single cuz only hoes are left.. all the good ones taken lmao&lt;-any female on the tl thats single..you a sno-bop
1	idk bro a bunch of hoes really doesn't compare to having that one faithful girl bruh
1	smh that shit trash rap legend. he gonna replace cudi with joints like this
1	send all the fucking muzzies home, now doj come and get me motherfuckers
1	aye little bitch y'all niggas hirin? 
1	its like u want me to be the sideline hoe and dat shid ain't nvr finna happin while i'm well and living fuck dat i rather say fuck it and u
1	yall bitches should be girlfriends for halloween since yall been sidechiccs all year 
1	got the vector job, bitch.
1	looking like a hillbilly and not matching is what i do best goodnight losers
0	i was in love with charlie 
1	id rather be your niggah
1	i just wanna travel the world with my bitches 
1	sitting at the bar at work watching walking dead and all these fucking wetbacks decide to come in ; turn on their spic music. jesus christ
1	these hoes don't want no help but they want all the help
1	fuck bitches get money ayyyyeeeee
1	big black bitches out here arguing
1	' club solo 1 deep , fuck a valet cause i parked on the street , lordddd knows  you can't trust these hoes ,...
1	i know you're gonna stalk my tweets so just know that you're a dumb fucking bitch
1	birthday today bitches and i gotta work :/
0	everyone is talking about lebron james or the voice and i'm just here eating cream filling out of oreos.
1	"damn girl that pussy talkin"  im keeled over nigga
1	i put my pants on one leg at a time, just like you guys. but then i eat a plus-size models pussy in my helicopter.
1	a hoe ass nigga will never change
1	"you can take someone out of the ghetto, but you can't take the ghetto out of them."
0	chris brown is trash.
1	nba allstar weekend is an unofficial negro holiday
1	bad bitch
0	a-rod said the number 13 he wears on his uniform is for opposing teams to fear him but the fact is a-rod is a damn cancer to the yankees
1	no time for chasing after someone is like turning up off wine coolers, you look like a bitch when you really think about it lol
1	i'm a bitch but a sweetheart u feel me
1	my neighbors hate me cuz i smoke weed and blast the most ghetto music from my room.
1	u gotta be retarded to skip class in college
1	one day you niggas gone learn when not to fuck an ugly bitch. because these pregnancies need to be stopped
1	bitch must have a 279.0 ; be related to jesus then gpa or legacy how this bitch get in
1	yes ugly bitch with the shitty platinum blonde skunk hair, you did take cuts
0	you're just trash like sorry
1	a loyal bitch from the burbs without daddy issues is like finding a holographic mewtwo." ...sounding like me over there lol
1	make that llama your bitch
1	attention leggings ain't for everybody. especially you hippo looking hoes
1	ohhhhhh , i smell a challenge . usa vs usa next time i see ya bitch ass
1	destiny will make titanfall it's bitch
0	people who slam on the brakes at yellow lights should not be allowed to drive.
1	hoes will be hoes.
1	i love bad bitches 
1	jameis winston got benched for standing on a table and saying "fuck her right in her pussy". the irony is so deep you can use a shovel.
1	bitch ; if they wasnt 
0	charlie rangel: the things we believe in are spiritual damn things
1	you goofy only goofy niggas simp over chicks with community pussy.. who are you?
1	deep in my pussy were your tongue should be. dial 911 if you need halp.
1	washing my coon hair
1	bitch you frooooontin, bitch you frooooontin. lol
1	if you hoes stop shaving i'm running around spraying nair on all of y'all.
1	congratulations brother we in that hoe
1	if a bitch say im "ugly" she a hating,mad, jealous bitch
1	let the niccas feel on her booty.. lmaort take her to the hood were they do most good
1	can we plz go to starbucks and do that. ebola sounds like a really ghetto hood name tbh.
1	been hooping all day tired than bitch
1	niggas be impregnating the most basic of bitches.. no job, don't know how to drive a car, no money, no house... n wonder why they miserable
1	another high point was a hungarian calling me "cheat fuck" and "cheat pussy" for doing well.
0	dad bought me a brownie shake lovehim
0	keep those away frm charlie day just once in my life i'd like for someone's favorite part of my body to be my disgusting knees.
0	he's a greaser
1	i had to unfollow some crazy asian bitch earlier lol i don't play
0	when you open your starburst candy and get 2 yellows lmao bruh
1	when you tell a dark skin bitch to send you some sexy shit
1	so much hoes?
1	what the fuck is wrong with you. you can't call urself a man if u call a girl a bitch. ur a fuckin loser bro
1	think it's okay to take my property and break it? fuck you bitch
1	lol bitch nigga ima get my gay homies on you
1	ray rice had that bitch of the xans and the lean all in one punch
0	munching on ww crackers ; studying nycs trans syst. since nyc ; i haven't had a thing in over 15 yrs clubinsomnia vacay
1	hate when bitches get boyfriends then forget all about you like you wasn't there before they got together
1	i know these hoes ain't right
1	"what are you twelve" yeah on a scale of one to ten bitch
1	i need one of these around the world twitter bitches cause these local facebook hoes aint cuttin it lol
0	night jigaboo
1	wetin happen ?our school will just be behaving like pussies
1	gotta love rednecks. loud, stupid, stubborn, and full o schitt.
1	- lmao my nigga . let's go half on a weed brownie  we will be laughing hard as hell in senior seminar
1	glad you brought that kid home, but he fucked up and should face the ucmj. don't care about taliban pussies really.
1	wouldn't be such a bitch if people didn't piss me off 24/7
0	worldseriesgame3 hunter pence is so annoying he should be a red sox player. shave fool and take your vyvanseyankees 2015
0	i want it i love her gooks she is awesome where did you get it?
1	u hoes going to church this morning like y'all wasn't busting it wide open for niggas about 4 hours ago
1	niggas that eat mussels, eat pussy too str888 facts
1	i turn cassey to a nasty hoe rihanna to a classy hoe
1	 nicca fucc yu
1	s/o the young bitches ; females 
1	honesty is all i ask for you ugly then a hoe then
1	negro please
1	bring bitches
1	fugly white bitch
1	them shootas is out at ma grandmama house i ain't been around this bitch ina minute .
0	charlie is so adorable.
1	water is wet. nike dc is trash.
1	tryanna explain sumn to des young boys out here now days,they don't know wat a true pimp is i be pimpin des hoes moma lmfaoo
1	kiss these nuts, bitch
0	yankees i ain't complaining about the royals win or lose game7. they showed heart. al ride or die no flex zone. they earned it
1	mustard is yellow. *if my avi was big tits- this would be an epic tweet.
0	is hillary the dodo bird candidate? via
1	have you looked yourself? this is funny. this is like obama saying he is good for the economy. hipster faggot. funny though
1	i just saw a bad bitch on here from mf switzerland and feel in love
1	know you don't like me cause you're bitch most likely does
1	my name is bryanna you can find me at i'm the baddest bitch you'll meet, because everybody wants to be me
0	mccann, although not having the greatest of seasons, would be a step up from russel martin. mccann or carlos ruiz mlb yankees
1	congratulations, you are officially fucking retarded.
0	magnus the "team leader" was particularly rude and unhelpful. as opposed to charlie, who just blatantly lied. awful service.
1	follow the system and you'll practically be swimming in pussy
1	if u dolled up i got the voodoo 4 u bitches
1	gave that bitch a bib since she wanna act messy
1	this bitch got the itunes terms and conditions tattooed on her
1	a bitch will be quick to get mad if they have to write and essay, but go post 1,000 tweets with ease.
1	well ain't that a bitch
1	you can never get a group of hoes together witout em resorting to being hoes....
0	d-emand e-veryone's m-oney ; o-bjects c-ollectively be r-edistributed a-mong t-heir s-upporters
0	wise decision,this alfie must be a right mong.
1	these bitches boringgggg
1	ohh my gawdd i woke up so throwed dis nicca paper slept n my damn car n he threw up n my shit n i lost my phone smh gm
1	got bitches that look like bulldogs instead lol
1	my bitch from magic city she shaking ass ; titties
1	lovin hoes but thats same bitch we put the pipe in. she suckin dick, thats the same bitch you give goodnight kiss
0	cool, fun thing to ponder: the myriad of space trash traveling at thousands of miles per hour right above you 
1	all hoes lie.......
1	brandon jennings easily got the coldest bitch ever damn near lolnot damn near that's fact.
0	i really want a girl to make me some brownies 
0	on that 4th down incompletion, both the slants looked like better options. shame, but theres a youth ; lack of trust going on.
1	you got to be a bad bitch for me trip
1	im a boss ass bitch
1	i took yo job bitch
1	okay but how many people really care if you can see a girls nips through her shirt
1	"yup. fuck em playing like trash clippers don't wanna play lol"
1	nowadays if u have a threesome with these new generation bitches.. that one hoe gonna go tell everybody she fucked both 
1	i know that bitch don't going nomo
1	been a while since it's just been me solo at the crib, feeling kinda lonely like a hoe
1	raspy ass voice annoying bitch???
1	ruinadessert fairy queen. nomg&gt; i fucked obama panties again...............
1	my cats a bitch niggah.
1	ran here from my house too... i'm kinda retarded. lol
1	she in the mall she balling bitch buy something for me
1	fuck up pussy
1	dont acknowledge these hoes.
1	no not tonight you're gonna hoe tomorrow
1	scarlett johansson
1	you state it gook
0	popcorn and candy for dinner. i always knew charlie brown was my spirit animal.
1	this shit right here nigguh.. mantanuskathunderfuck sativadominant
1	why y'all hoes in such a hurry to be single mothers?
0	madea and this old hillbilly are hilarious together.
1	last words to a bitch nigga 'why you lie'
1	every one of then would just be adding me to their collections of hoes
1	california is full of white trash who moved from oklahoma
1	bitch. 
1	more like look at all those bitches
1	don't be mad cause yo bitch choosin
0	whoever mocks the poor insults his maker; he who is glad at calamity will not go unpunished.
0	how many yankees players have 3k hits? you have to put derekjeter in the conversation for best yankee ever. his numbers demand it.
1	indigenouspeoplesday haha you fuckin' retarded commies hunter biden loves snortin' that pygmie fairy dust don't he? liberals
1	i don't care tho cracker
1	bitch you guessed it my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good dayu need some dick" wooooh you 
1	i'm crazy, and wayne can rap about pussy 3 songs in a row
1	bruised ankle is a bitch
1	realest tweet i seen today . dyke bitches are rehab for hoes.and once im healed,back to the dick i go
1	they have mix, not all are retards. aap is maoists, terrorists,congies and delusional retards
0	game 126 preview: houston astros at new york yankees
1	i'm.a be even pretty  julisa work magic on bitches .. lol i keep stalking her ig to see how perfect i want my braids... its hard to pick
1	&lt;&lt; where'd you go big mouth bitch? busy choking on that cock i told you to find?
1	but let a n*gga ask a chick to give him some money.. how yall hoes say it swerve + that's how you make her stay or leave.
0	oreos are basically dirt circles with cream. true.
1	it opened up with some clouds parting and with silk-----&gt;can we get a room on the southside of the ghetto
1	how's it taste mothafucker? mmmhmmm bitch
1	fuck this i need a fat bitch, these skinny bitches ain't hungry for da mula hahaha
1	god teeth , gold chain white bitches , cocaine"
1	woke up tryna fuck yo bitch
1	upstate hoes love down south niggas and down south females love upstate niggas
1	to me niggas cheat on they bad bitches bc they think they can get more bad bitches, that one girl will give em a big ass ego
1	not over no twitter shit. plus youre a female. you letting a dumb sloppy body ignorant bitch speak for 13k people
1	and da hoes i kno u hear vodka n the background 
1	i hate bitches who thinks everyone wants their nasty ass like no  you're not cute 
1	"unlike a lot of these bros, i actually care about my girl and i love her. it's not called being a pussy, it's called 
1	if you want me to expose some more bitches
1	you can tell when dick recently been in a pussy, taste nasty af ewww bitches better never play that shit
1	twitter newsflash : do not ever visit easton, pburg area, theirs hoes with diseases and niggas so thirsty gatorade would be worth trillions
1	not trying to follow any spooks, no offense ...
1	this kid straight watched a bitch eat her own bloody tampon fucksamattawithyou
1	bishhhhhh waasup where this bitch up
0	the pro-isis jihadi prayer from hajj making the rounds now.
1	i dont even say nigga i say nigger. im like chuck norris. i say the nigger word without checking over my shoulder.
1	your opinion of me is highly irrelevant bitch
1	polo:$80. levis:$60. jordans:$180. snapback:$30. the look on your face when you still don't get any pussy...priceless
1	she a dirty bitch and i dotn have a doubt
1	man i'm tired of dealing with these hoes but my dick not
0	forever 21 hoes
1	hey...hoe di doe...dat is funny if its da girl
1	dam this hoes should be working at microsoft
1	at least it's not antville, because thats for cunts.
1	i didnt call you a bitch, i just saiddd bitch. jeesh
1	fuck your bitch make her call me papi 
0	singlebecause ill find a cute hoosier to date next year 
1	dey gave da wrong nicca money
1	sweet jesus, i'm a beleiber  look at this bitch nigga tho 
1	these bitches is wild
0	photo: giving you that trailer park trash. transformthursday ladykimora vegasqueens vegasshowgirls
0	im wearing a sweater and it's ike 80 degrees in my house
0	'dying laughing': russian wrestlers mock 'girly man' obama's workout video
0	i know i'm a hillbilly, but is there anything better than a big pot of beans and cornbread? little hot sauce on top.
0	gotta bad red bone that look something like ashanti
0	yanks won't make the playoffs but we ain't in the al basement. that's the red sox
1	fuck them hoes i have bigger problems like do you ever cook at your house lmao
1	eugene, come watch me run circles round the rap game like my name was chip kelly in this bitch h
1	buddy slapped his rent stress out on that messy bitch. what i done told u hoes bout new york niggas ; they temper? trainvideo
1	im addicted to bad bitches like i never had bitches
1	bitch i got plans to fuck tonight i said friday nigga
1	you see me bussing this bitch 
0	mistakes are showing up late for work, running red lights, or even forgetting 2 take the trash out. this here ain't 1
1	curse avi for coke because he's a fag and hasn't put it on yet
1	nigga don't be telling my business on this hoe lol
0	got it thanks hun ima text u
1	thats top off, pop off, im with my dogs like stewie griffin, bitches hear me they be like ooh he rippin
1	you was nothing but a dirty whore fuck you bitch
0	the early bearded man gets the clam ? herkfacts
1	mariners said moms 21 and over get free ball caps on mothers day. basically all you young hoes with kids don't get one lol
1	normally i would say she must have a great pussy but since i've seen it, that's not true so idk what it is.
1	you got niggas and i got bitches
1	they always put gingers in red, yellow, or leopard print.
1	fam. telling bitches you're sterile so you can hit em raw &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	y'all i'm so mad i wasted them calories on that honey bun.. that ho was dry as hell 
1	tweetlikeyourbestfriend "i made out with 3 bitches"
1	 we gave bitches something to be mad about .
0	; the hunters anthem goes "al goreing we will go, hi ho the dairy o al goreing we will go"
1	"fuck you mean macklemore trash nigger?"
1	lmaoo nigger is scared  so results are supposed to be out today lol lol
1	dumb bitch
1	all these damn bitches on my phone line
0	in this world we don't spank the monkey the monkey spanks us.
0	he never replied to my asking about his calling me a "redneck"
1	shawty said you not gone understand america unless you went to a pwi school, crackers already brainwashed her smh lol
1	emers a bitch
1	is nick jonas a hoe for squeezing his dick? is nick jonas gonna have leaked nudes? is nick jonas less of a role model?
1	why do people have a problem with gay people? know what, fuck it... i got a problem with you straight hoes now what?
1	someone tell this bitch to stfu
1	lil pussy didn't dm me back?, hmm
0	chicken spaghetti trash
1	you're dismissed bitch. not in the mood for fucktards this morning. blocked
0	alas, i am proficient in neither. my skills are limited to pointless stat memorization + trash talk.
1	ain't no broke bitches standing next to me
1	"searching" the incredible story of 1 white man's quest to find the ingredients necessary to make caribbean jerked chicken in redneck land
0	(con't) also provide colored stickers to place on the nametags so that members can indicate their preferred pronouns.
1	that ho said 9.63 when i got to the register 
1	i want my bitch to answer if my ex calling, with my dick in her mouth
1	fuck a wcw dats my bitch , not my crush
0	that's why i'm partially glad that i have to say "hi ho, kermit the frog here" to slip into my kermit voice well.
1	he's a hoe lmfao aren't they all smuts ? lmao
1	fighting over a hoe is one of the lamest things you can do
1	half these bitches be playin because but im far from a lamee
1	i was gonna put i wanna eat the pussy like a saiyan in her mentions but theyre savage enough.
1	life is a bitch.... but i appreciate her mayne.
1	thanks bitch
1	i miss britt god damn bitch real nigga over here baby 
0	i found your arm in that trash receptacle and your leg in the mud down by that stream.you should consider keeping better track of your limbs
1	bij vraag wat is d naam van de engels des doods,dacht eerst robert.ik:israel..uhm iets met gargamel,hoe heet die kat ook al weer..oja azrael
1	ya niggas play to fuck my niggas play for keepsthese bitches can't fuck wit me 
1	glad about your uncle, another stupid faggot off the world, hopefully you next.
1	happy cuz i woke up white and not a nigger
1	if im bad built ok yall built like tractors yall got relationships bitch where mine ?? 
1	yeah texans are so much better you fucking retard
1	shutup faggot to fumble took them a while
1	 foh idgt good pussy don't neva get tired
0	pretty girls wit bird brains....what a waste smh
1	jay-z got 1 of the baddest eva that proves men don't really need to look good to pull these hoes want security
1	squad up bitch nigga
1	okay right bitch you mad cause you opened your mouth? greysanatomy
1	"you smell like weed..." and bitch you smell like sober.
1	but if you knew , bitch you'll do better 
1	i was working hard as a bitch today, i deserve a reward.
1	bobby bitch bobby bitch 
1	my niggah watch me be awake till 5
1	hoe ass nigga. 
1	stop texting these hoes good morning
1	money can get you good weed, but not always the best of pussy. sorry my friend (: guess
1	i just fucked an albino. it was weird because it was like a white body impersonating a black voice....... like iggy azalea
1	atleast i dont have dick breath you twat licker
0	soulja boy trash now but i'm not gonna act like i never cranked that superman.
0	&lt;-- nudes are trash
1	all i've asked is for one thing. ; one thing only . but i get more then what most bitches could ever have... but still.
0	trash night tonight. i can already hear the sound of america's thriving economic sector out on the street, four wheels, one of them wobbles.
1	that shacking up shit for the birds, yo
0	houston was top five in ahl attendance while aeros were here. the transplanted snow bird would love a team.
1	why you crying then baby back bitch?
1	until you hoes start actually fucking with me then i'll give props but until then you hoes trash 
1	ruley a bitch ry
1	that means you're balling if you're jewish lol i don't love hoes lol
1	nigga was sweating like a guilty preacher in that bitch
1	these bitches can't do nothin for you.
1	you're not fucking relevant... you get followers from follow trains and then unfollow people because you're a faggot...
1	damn so many fake niggas ; bitches
1	all these bitches ; niggas be trippin offa what type of relationship me ; duddy got like we not fuccing no more ; we not dating.
1	it's levels to my bitch you can't fuck her nigga cause she like red bottom you can't afford her nigga she got benz you riding honda accord
0	yankees getting killed
1	i am such a little bitch today
1	i ont like that game wit that retarded ass bird 
0	"chinese maverick: we were communicating comrade , u know giving the imperialist yanks the birdie"
0	this mint brownies recipe is made with almond flour, coconut palm sugar, coconut oil, and coconut mi
1	"pacer" is short for pussy
1	happy birthday nigguh keep your blunts fat and your cups filled :)
1	am not gonna shut shit up bitch but u can get yo punk ass out there hoe ass nigga
1	good pussy takes your mind off the struggles and stresses of everyday life
1	lmao niggah this is twitter my kenosha bitches can't be trained like my florida bitches
0	why are you showing yankees game in arizona when you promo washington huskies game? i bet would want my business
1	- remember when we played plaquemine ; they kept calling our whole team gay ; lydia said "i'll turn all you hoes out, fwm" 
0	all i ever want is for someone to love me as deeply and devotedly as charlie kelly loves the waitress.
1	all you bitches know youre trying to find yourself on the website, who are you kidding lol
1	oh u can dog her out but don't show that hoe no love if u doing it with ya ol lady
1	black twitter needs to get off paul george dick about him impregnating a stripper. wiz did. tyga did. kanye turned a hoe into a housewife
0	carrot cake is trash. too sweet.
1	saw my dog humpin this female dog the other day. now the female is waiting outside my door for a quick hook up. my dog gets bitches
1	i have no hoes man. i don't need those though  i need to pick mines back up 
1	this dogs like "go on, tell em i ate your bitch ass homework. they ain't never gunna believe your dumb ass"
1	dis bitch got these flintstone sandals 
1	bitches naked**
1	fuck you bitch
1	can't worry bout a bitch that ain't worried bout me
1	real talk i really ain't fully trusted a bitch since instagram and twitter became popular
1	fucking with them hoes my nigga waka i hate it had to be him man t
0	how the hell was david murphy's hit not a home run? clearly over the yellow line. another umpire mess up.... smh
0	yeah they do. six complete here at the stadium. yankees lead the red sox 3-1. letsgoyankees
1	pissed in shower, now checking for yellow legs.
1	i just wanna be skinny ; fit. sike thick bitches got it going on. ass2fat thundathighs jellyrolls imstillsexy
1	"i miss my bf" well, i miss limewire... sooo shut the fuck up, you whiny bitch
1	amen miley  but she don't need to act like a hoe just bc she's "emotionally damaged" foh
0	oscar taveras went yardie in his 2nd career mlb at bat. what a stud.
1	ima just block you hoes outor block em either one lol
1	twice divorced teabagger florida attorney general says marriage is reserved for 'stable, enduring family units' wtf
1	if a dude seems flighty then he probably is, so just nip it in the bud.
1	got cramps bitches? smokeweed teamloudpack
1	been trash the gay chris bosh jokes are getting old now""
1	best twitter beef all time was when called out barbara hoe ass for cheating on her college bf with some pa
0	graham crackers and hazelnut coffee are my fave 
1	choke on something hoe
1	da fuck that hoe look sad
1	these niggas groupies they act worse than these hoes do
0	it was all yellow.
1	i was 200 bitch
1	jessica i'm not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow
1	i fink this catfish shit is funny afta all how can this bitch thinks that she was talking to bow wow doe 
1	bitches with kids are retarded
0	hey , the jig is up. even democrats are through with you. reasontoexitanobamaspeech" dems are raci
0	mickey mouse ears hat....and tail for that matter.
1	you said that's yo bitch but that bitch look fu 
1	if thats what yall hoes want then fuck it.
1	last year i cuffed that bitch well now its ovaaaaaa
1	can't stand bitch ass niggas.
1	i'm dat nigga that these hoes just can't stand...  b.g
1	do your dick hang low, do it wobble to and fro, can you tie it in a knot, can you stick it in a hoe?
1	this bitch tried the wrong one  it'll all go down hill from now 
1	fucking cunts.
1	and by yall i mean.... whoever running back telling tunchi wtf i'm doing that's not my nigga dog niggas nd bitches 
0	well jay i guess if you wanna keep your house from burning down...the bird is the word yeah jaymohrsports
1	dem hoes more  this nigga out here fucking retired widows new race, fuck black woman
1	not all black girls are ghetto
1	you knew i fucked that bitch and you didn't react?
1	you think america has crooked laws?women in other countries get executed in the street for shoning.you american hoes wouldn't make it.
0	whiteculture thinking weave is "ratchet" and "ghetto" while "extensions" are perfectly fine.
1	carol is gonna george and lenny this bitch.
1	ariza is a snake and a coward" but at least he isn't a cripple like your hero roach lmaoo
1	im start askin dese hoe niggas if they got sand in they pussy....
1	"if i was a girl like that u would probably eat my pussy" - jasper
1	couple a , b's , c's , bad bitch double d's , popping e's i don't give a f , told you i'm a g
1	stop wasting texts on bitches who ain't tryna fuck u
1	nigga chill throw me in the jungle watch me come out with a gorilla monkey cheetah coat
1	i ain't going to movies, hoe we straight sexing.
0	houston has so many trash drivers
0	idiotic censorship drive by france president fails to understand that he's empowering jihadis by censoring the internet wholesale fail
1	can't stand a nigga that curve his boys for some hoes
1	all i want for my birthday is a female with a large buttocks. big booty hoe
1	omg this bitch was standing and humming a very deep and annoying tone the whole time she was at the counter wtf.
1	i b tryna remind these bitches ... i knew u b4 dis social network fame
1	fag
1	bitch nigga
1	and fuck you too ya little bitch you look like a mexican sucking a cock in ur profile
1	lol naw that bitch was just a sociopath
1	this hoe wasn't loyal
1	"i don't chase after dudes... i chase after bitches." - edgar bautista
0	and people say baseball is boring? redskins
0	i seeing ppl saying running a train on a bird, and a parry is the same thing, but das not what i know..so looking for clarity
1	don't be a bitch.
1	when a girl tried to argue with me whilst i was drunk, "hes not done..." "you shut the fuck up bitch" im a nasty cunt whilst drunk sarry
0	hmu talmbout match but when i pull up its 30 other niccas wit ya 
1	niggas probably be watching me like "look at this uncle tom ass rasta"
1	 nah lemme chill i love the bitches like trick love the kids ; you know this 
1	but bitch you gon shave or wax that pussy before i bless it, foh.
1	rise up, gonna get higher and higher its all hips and nips, otherwise i ain't eating
1	nappy headed hoes can't call anyone ugly, stop embarrassing yourself pls
1	so you was in a female dms talking to another nigga... you're a faggot b
1	so my coworker is yellin at my other coworker and i so i'm like "who you talkin to? cuz it's not me" then she wanna bktrack like no bitch
0	i'm getting sleepy and my phone is acting retarded...
1	how many bitches have actually gone to the club in a mini skirt ; j's on? questionoftheday
1	pussies
1	that evil son of a bitch deserves everything that's coming to him
1	bang, bitch, you think i'm strange, bitch? it's bananas like a fucking rangatang bitch vote5sos emabiggestfans1d
1	you dumb bitches still think pretty is everything "keri looks better than beyonc " keri probably know she do too but guess 
1	nosey ass hoes , i hate em. always finding shit but can't find a man to date em 
1	kenna stfu? quit bein a bitch i was tellin robby to stop? god.
0	waiting for brownies. i want brownies. someone hooks it up?
0	wasnt that great to me either "equalizer" was trash denzel officially washed bruhneither was flight
1	with a pussy mullet
1	try me bitch boy
1	when ever you dog hoes really bad you end up w/ a girlfriend ...
0	what if i talked ghetto lol i'd be so annoyed of my self
0	"one man's trash is another man's treasure"...perfectly explains strippers with daddy issues.
1	yes, i'm a hairy white man with redneck tendencies who absolutely loves aretha franklin. fuck you hater.
1	at least i have a boyfriend dumb bitch 
0	pepe because his defending was outstanding his tackles were accurate nd he did hos job perfectly in both legs
0	dodgerofzion asked: a giant green rooster walks in carrying a tray of brownies. you may have a brownie in...
1	on upenn campus all the black chicks here are trash but they're gonna be paid
1	you're a faggotyou're a texas fan...
1	don't touch no sloppy hoes, you might catch somethin..
1	"you're being a cunt right now"
1	still texans nation hoe.
1	lightskin bitches crying they ain't got no valentine. bitch maybe you should've read some of them 400 unreads msgs. yo
1	tired of hoes man
1	if this was high school er body catch a's hoe lmao 
1	when you told ya homie she was a hoe but he still wifed it caption this
1	shut up you nappy headed hoe
0	remember when you got your crush's aim screenname and you felt all fuzzy inside and stared at your screen and figured out what 
1	lawd twitter will humble the fuck out of a hoe so quick
0	cowboys trash again.the nfl is bike to normal
1	ok wat ever u say whitey. u prolly never even seen shaft.
1	lmao wack ass rappers stay mad, make better music then little bitch. get on the suck my dick list
1	lol such a nig
1	i fucken can't stand little cunts that write a damn essay on how the feel about something on facebook. gross
1	i wonder why girls can call eachotha bitches they cool with it but when a nigga call dem one mfas all out they body dontgetit
0	uncle leo find iwatch in trash can
1	you're a faggot if you ever had the kim possible bbm notification
1	bout to get some twitter bitches, my twitter fame raising dawg getwitme
1	i'm waiting for all of you little bitches that whined about bush to start speaking up about obama and his wars. syria
0	l voted and supported u and u pulled the rug out from under us, a nation and worse, cuz were not in "your circle" were trash.
1	bitch im 17? and i didnt follow you..? hahaha
1	so quit suckin on my dick and hop your fat ass elsewhere cuz i ain't tryna fuck with your globe ass bitch got her own orbit
1	pussy
1	i love when celeb nudes leak and all the girls with trash bodies try and critique them
1	would've liked some more backup but i can handle myself against a gang of retards.
1	u can't stay the same ; expect change. u can't truly expect a good man if he call himself nigga, nigger.it means the same; a no good person
1	willian up in that hoe 
1	shut yo bitch ass up 
1	aye my nigha yeayoureadindis... gone let ya bitch fuck wit my team donjuuuan
1	i'm in this hoe tripppped out people be wildin
1	lmfaoo lmfao lmao you niggers move sooo fast
1	i'm like the bat signal, but for crazy bitches
1	an if u aint a hoe get up out my trap hoooouusssee
1	ya by being your bitch;)
1	11k now shut up hoe
1	dude why do i have to be such a bitch..? like i'm confused.
1	thats the only thing a nigga ask forrt its some choosable bitches in here tonite
1	i'm a fucking fag they said"
1	definition of real except you bruh you let bitch ass babidi turn on your niggas fam htt
0	baseball......... w/ for her birthday for some reason? lol yankee stadium) on yelp
1	so that history test made me its bitch  haha
1	i should be the global ambassador of something i put ppl on des nuts hoe ahh nigga
1	i don't get why people bitch about an unfollow when you never talked to them
1	i don't understand how bitches find the time to worry about what another bitch is doing
0	teabagger math
1	be a girl with a mind, a princess with class, ; a bitch that doesn't give a fuck. 
1	i mean if a bitch whilin out, she gone get knocked tf out
1	fuck da opps 1x fuck dear hoes 3x 
1	nigga look my size, plus it get hit in the ass, an look like its been fighting all its life.... i'll sneak dat bitch an run
1	yo that teacher in baltimore wasn't bullshitin with that bitch lmao
1	if u remember when steve from 'blue clues' left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe
1	when you see bae retweet or mention some hoe
1	crystal got all the hoes.
1	ref finally calls it when it's an arm ball but those hoes didn't count the hand ball in the mexico game. k yesiamstillsalty
1	dem niggas ca have them white hoes.... i love my beautiful black sistas....
1	man this hoe heaven stay taking all day
1	my bitch dont want your ugly ass gtfo ol peyton manning lookin ass
1	these little girls at simons were telling me they like my huf socks, bitch go home ; do your homework
1	lmaoo u a downgrade has been jayin ass bitch
1	s/o to my luu's. these are down bitches don't fuck with them.
1	apple ceo says being gay is a gift from god as part of campaign to sell iphone to queers..
1	we don't pay hoes... we don't save hoes
1	she even had a hoe name.
1	you aint shit pussy lol go get hit you aint been touched in 10 yrs lmfao
1	jackie a old bamma ass bitch
1	i hate this cookie built bitch 
1	touch muzzie fuckers, hope it was set to go full of bacon and pork rinds
1	that's yo bitch..... i was all up in her guts
1	trying so hard to resist the urge to smack a bitch
0	damn i think your redskins lost
1	she think she bad but my bitch meaner
1	leg day made me it's bitch.
0	twitch plays call of duty. enter trash talk in the chat, the auto-aim will do the rest
1	nigga payback's a bitch..
1	oh....i know dude. i just went off on his ass i'm done with that faggot
1	crystal star  leggy and playful babe crystal star spreads her pussy foryou
1	not sparing no hoes 
1	messagetomyfuturespouse u better cook and clean for me bitch. ill give u all my money but i ain't cleanin no dishes and makin my own plate.
0	when you're approaching your high score in flappy bird and die one pipe away
1	if this bitch don't just go through the freaking packet 
1	at least im not black bitch your parents left you in the mcdonalds parking lot after you were born
1	no this little hood bitch did not just try to take me to task for joking with my niece about not being a lesbian. ch &gt;_&gt;
1	no one cares bitch
1	lmao bummy bitches
1	happy bday bitch ass nigga that bitch roll up
1	can't even tell a bitch hey without thinking you tryna get at them. lmao. y'all sumn else. get real
1	go pray in a church or something fag, no one cares about your religious bullshit.
1	these hoes gettin replaced soon as they start to fuck wit my cheques
1	bitches be having reality twisted
1	i can't stand this fat bitch next to me, with her hairy ass legs kiss imik
0	the redskins should change their name to the injuns
1	line my shit up with god cards, bitch
1	hey liberals,meet future majority leader of the us senate.enjoy. payback is a bitch. p2 stoprush waar
1	miss you ya fucker, send me a txt every now and again like ya used to all ill do the same ya twat :p
1	come watch godzilla then faggot
1	i was literally "trappin" when drake dropped that "take a bitch from any nigga, that's what we do" line. i can taste the hennessey now
1	left my calc final singing i'm a boss ass bitch if that's any indication on how that went....
1	if you don't give your bf head you're a lame bitch and he's probably cheating on you with a bitch the suck his shit dr
1	homo ass crackers
0	man what about wilson being the 2nd black qb to win a chip? talkn about trash talk. no shine for russell..
1	what's so good about prom? all i see is another faggot ass high school dance.
1	just saw wat did to my car -.-t bitch
1	remember when people bood one direction and gaga was having none of it. i love that bitch.
1	i got weed. come over faggot
1	happy birthday to my chocolate brotha  love u hoe
1	southwest airlines is like driving in a mini van with your white trash cousins who love to huff paint thinner before before working.
1	all these faggot fell asleep on me
1	so many bitches think they're so much hotter than they are
1	no that's fucking retarded are you drinking tonight or not?
1	no bitch
1	hot meat sexy as fuck scally lad. i would love to meet him and his trainers.
1	this bitch doesn't know what she wants..
1	haha pussy
0	photos: kate upton cheers on the yankees at last night's game
1	never go full retard....
1	dont message me your number and tell me to text you.... i'm not your bitch lol
1	and you kno we the opposite of down bitch we up
1	huh, lol mad nigger is mad
1	my phone charging backwards  retarded
1	u knw me homie show the bitches no love
1	you hoes aint fucking with me 
0	dance monkey dance
1	bitch no u not u look like a full breaded cracker
1	magic 8 ball are these hoes loyal?
1	in many areas has that look, but need to see bean count-said it before, beans are a bitch-tend to do what you don't expect
0	ayo i jus had a mini heart attack behind the wheel..north philly n fire crackers don't mix i
1	good bitch 
1	when you know for a fact you got a woman who loves you other bitches don't even matter.
1	find her ass and push her down some stairs by accident. throw some water on the floor. shit. kick a bitch.
1	this shit is fixing to blow my mind.. tony cannoli back in this bitch
1	lol my bro said it about a bitch but it can be about u
1	just admit you started the shit by calling her out, and that you're being a bitch, and we'll all move on 
1	fag
1	is that all u can say twat?
0	my tweets trash
1	if your girlfriend doesn't like that bitch. you don't talk to that bitch.
0	it's like the walking dead, but with less carl and more talking birds. zombie attack
1	sup pussy;)
0	moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house that's what got bro nem locked inside the dog pound
1	got kicked out of aa classes bc i laughed at a guy and called him a pussy for blacking out every time he drank.
1	the mona lisa could've been a bad bitch
1	if i don't like that hoe i turn her ass into a frisbee
1	the same bitches telling you to let it go are the same ones that would go in and grab it right after you.
1	sure i got a nice car, a 60 inch tv, stainless steel appliances in my apartment and a few thousand twitter followers but i ain't got no hoes
1	faggot ass bitch nigga
1	or dead  word if ya moms calling the cops after she ain't heard from you for four days you probably pussy
1	i'm up and at it before the birds wake up so you can't tell me shit.
1	niggas ain't playin a gram of defense man george need to tell these bitch ass niggas man up
0	khloee's new backpack that we colored last night 
1	finger a bitch w/ my trigger finger nigga shut up
0	ruby is not ugly bunga bunga
1	i wont ima come piss in yours bitch
1	i got. a lot. of hoes.... all up on my dick
1	like some nigga lie to bitches ; wonder why they go crazy ... that ain't me
1	phil simms is a pussy
1	i'm destroying this bitch dawg
0	colombia supporter reminds us the double bird is a universal language
1	wut spook me even more is its gon be dark when nigga drive outta hea..... im sick already
1	this bitch sees that as not an attack because muslims are only 1% (no idea where he maths)
1	istandwithrand wise up rino pussies, real leaders like rand, cruz, lee, bachmann etc. actually exist. fight or go home. teaparty
1	$60 torch down the drain cause either i was to high and lost it or one of my "niggas" finessed that hoe fuckkkkk ittt
0	get some money and stop playing that old trash.
1	bitch probably deserved it lol
1	these hoes got no chill
1	kobe: "that's why yo man want me hoe" guy holding his face: "omgod kobeshia shut up"
1	these hoes ain't loyal mane, they rotate
1	bitch nigga
1	lol, autocorrect is a bitch, but voice recognition is much faster than typing.
1	99.9% of bitches are hoes except my mama
1	it's gotten to the point where i literally don't care and i'm gonna start punching bitches if they don't move in the hallway
1	stop fuckin jail birds. niggas that's that serious about ass play scare me. that shit so sus"
0	gas is always cheaper in the ghetto
0	amo hangs
1	never lie never cry never die we gone die love my friends love my hoes yellow sluts call them gold
1	most niccas broke but always n the limelight
1	every time this bitch makes a status about guys she texts me like whatttt loll
1	niggas living like hoes dats why dey dying bout nothing
0	i'm an 18 year old gay driving through the back roads of redneck virginia blasting cheetah girls. if that doesn't scream sitcom, what does?
1	if you're not attractive .... bitch you ain't making my drinks... tf you think this is.?
0	well ontario is like kind of a dump now that the ghetto moved here since its cheaper to live here so.. 
1	you don't have to say it. you showed yaself. bitch nobody said i did now shut the fuck up that fat made you retarded
1	now you're drinking till you're unconscious. feel me when you get a fine bitch.
1	if i had a dollar for every time someone called me maggie i'd make it rain on all these hoes
1	my pussy worth $15
1	fag
0	also as part of my release day gift (yes, we get those) this adorable bumblebee bear montlake
1	ej wanna be michael sam bitch so bad.
0	jeter almost broke yankee stadium
0	pop wop and drop it tho
1	im not tongue kissing these bitches tho
1	the person below is a cunt.
0	kissin small lips is trash lol.. yessssss
1	i'm trying to catch diabetes so i'm fuckin a white bitch
1	you want a smart educated dumb bitch you can date. lol drunktalk
1	rihanna's favorite thing about white house visits: 'my president being black' solidarity poking whitey-not wise..
1	that beach from greece is so beautiful  why do i live in bitch ass virginia while people get to live around such beauty year round 
1	some prude bitch unfollwed me show me ur ugly face
1	still wishin all of my old hoes the best
0	how day feel bout colored folk?
0	rumours that the boys will be touring around the world for otra tour and it will end in the uk/ireland as a welcome ho
0	twitpic a selfie with light colored eyes
1	wow and there are white people and there are crackers. guess which one u are.
1	no man has ever aborted a baby even if he have her $ on it. abortion bitches will soon meet god ; they baby to face th
1	could get half a band off me fellas. your dope female followers and state how much youd pay for their pussy
1	cay got her whole lit new clicc from her school ; be on that bitch shit too me like ? okay but anyways we still dem girlz
0	i see you again didn't election bird for government, america. that okay. i guess i just take this free cookie for everyo
1	dreamgirl mckee ooh bet you wooonnnttt stick dat hoe
1	if you can barely walk in your heels or your dress, bitch you are trying to hard
0	when i make the paper ball into the trash can 
1	these hoes getting outta hand mane
1	who do bitches take me for? 
1	and gabby was steady walking off laughing, i'm like bitch really  , if she ever fall around me i'ma get in my car and leave her there
1	bet... my trash ass self is just that petty
0	i think i'll just eat this brownie and pass out
1	"i'm against feminism i think men and women should be equal" a bitch that don't know shit about feminism
1	who the fuck is this bitch with this cheap ass clown nose on my screen? your tired ass commercial. i would never book u for a party
1	all you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winnin
0	trash
0	you a oreo cookie now.
1	lmfao bitch got her shit rocked
1	bad bitches is the only thing that like
1	dont call me a nigguh unless u call me my nigguh
0	fosters home for imaginary trash whoa chill" that show was everything tf
1	zactly. after joique pounds that bitch, bring in reggie for the gaping holes that will inevitably appear.
0	taking out the trash at night
0	remember all the trash on the floor of your car? we upgraded it ; put wale's the gifted so it feels like your old car htt
1	when they bitch about "carbon emissions" tell them to stop breathing because exhaling adds carbon dioxide to the atmosphere...
1	biker gang looking ass bitches with titty tats. foh sons of anarchy.
1	los pussy ass lost by 3 points  i winnnnnnnnn
1	these hoes need jesus y'all.
1	are u fucking still talking bitch i wanna see that i don't give a fuck about your ugly ass girlfriend son
1	truuuuuuuuuuu facts both then niggaz is pussy nd i'll tag em both nd cassidy r/p by my nigga let
0	"a day without laughter is a day wasted." ~charlie chaplin
0	oreo donut
1	she's a model on instagram but she's just a hoe from my town.
0	meet indias amazing, death-defying monkey king 
0	female jihadis, european ; american: grave dangers - joe for america via
1	other then the faggot shit, macklemore actually a really good artist....better than alot of rappers
1	i saw a great chimpout 2 summers ago. a middle aged salvadoran and his 15 yr old son got wasted by 6 beaners at the metlife 
1	did i just see a white bitch getting licked between her legs by a dog? nasty fuck
0	5am: whizzing crackers my cats got into the ; are now playing 'hockey' with them. lol. crazycats
1	it's like zero bitches in nap that's gon stick by yo side if you fall off forreal tho this ain no lie 
1	it's britney bitch.
1	you got dykes, i got the vic's
0	truth about any distance for all you love birds out there
1	if or don't know you then you are not welcome on saturday bitches privileges
1	majority of the hoes on this gram instafrontin
1	glad to know you were just a hoe looking for all the attention gladyouregone
1	when tyler the creator said "rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome"
1	smile at the bitches who hate you.
1	5000 rts ; i'll grab the mic ; yell "fuck her right in the pussy
1	"why do you always wear black" cause im ready for your funeral bitch
1	got a bitch so bad you can't afford to fuck
0	itni bahaduri interviews mein to hamesha marne ko tayyar rehte ho, got scared of crackers? lol
1	if you're into unlocking badges/stickers online you should have to wear them around in real life so the rest of us know what a cunt you are.
1	oomf lying knowing he don't be bored in brusly fckn that bald head hoe.
1	fuck olive that bitch
1	his balls ashy real women do this and real faggots let em do that.. smh
1	maybe cuz your putting trust in a " bitch " not a lady. or maybe because this a fucking song
1	is a fag
1	now, bitches gonna think just because they're married, they're better than every female that's not. smh
1	most jordan's that dropped in 2014 were trash only fucked with like 3 pair and that's including the columbian
1	women who need to be put in their place are trash. you are a human not a pet bitch relax
0	2-2 adam henrique cleans up the trash in front of the net, tying the game for the njdevils with 11:06 left in regulation 
0	kevin hart make funny faces.. his curriculum kinda trash.. curriculum? 
0	derek jeter's final game at yankee stadium will be 1st he's ever played there with yankees eliminated from playoffs.
1	girlfriend = fasho pussy.. ho = some mo pussy.. dont lose your fasho pussy, tryna get some mo pussy, ; end up with no p
0	that matters ?
0	i wants to call bouts my vitaligro but i ain't sho if you a doctor fo da colored folk
0	can we bomb the selfie-monkey out of my timeline?
1	and y'all niggas jus give up the pussy.. i wonder how y'all feel reading the tl... nervous af huh? thinkin y'all bout to ge
1	yeah i got soul i was brought up by colored women.
1	you teabagger dunces want to eliminate education all together so you can groom more teabag voters. lol.thedumbestteabagger
1	i can taste loud n pussy on my tongue 
1	ugly bitches definitely disguste me  ewww yuck
1	i must have pissed this nigga off aha um, because he my hoe ; he acting outta line 
0	floppy bird chalmers over here taking after his hero lebron
1	fake ass bitches bruh lol 
1	rt mexican bitches shaped like silly puddy
1	bitches be like "keep calm i'm single"........... first of all bitch, nobody was hype
1	i am such a daddy's girl it's crazy i will drop a bitch in a second over my dad bro.
1	hey my folk. this nigger loving jew boy asked if i was making death threats against his goat fucking people. fuck him.
1	when you realize you sent the message to your wife instead of your side hoe
1	i take full pride in the ass my momma has so blessed me with. now hers is just ridiculous on all levels. her yellow ass got back for years
1	fosho my niggah il be over there just been real busy lately
1	ass oreos and his name is thad castle.
1	beyonc seems like a bitch
1	fuck you, punk ass racist lil dick bitch. i've reported you fool.
1	mix it up, bitches.
1	i dream about having twin girls a lot yea karma i know it's you bitch
1	so apparently me ; eric fucced ; i be just fuccing every nigga  great but y'all bitches not whoppin ; talkin behind blocced twitters
1	my dick is called offensive joke because some bitches get hurt when it goes too far.
0	casey matthews is so trash this is big
1	aren't they all tho bro? i hate a nosey bitch....some more than others
1	fuck a "bad bitch" id rather have a good girl who's a freak just for me 10/10 times 
1	 somebody gonna die   theres a bitch on njt setting up a lean as we tweet
0	js on my feet, that song is trash too loll
1	boy wat in dat bitch eatin lunch err other day"im tellin ya
1	hey you race baiting fbi informant bitch, where's your punk ass speaking for justice on this?
1	these hoes ain't got nothin' on ya 
1	if i were born black; i would have tons of kids, never work, get lots of free stuff ; bitch about it thank god i wasn't~what a drag i'd b
1	damn son maybe he didn't know it was ya piece.. he was just tryna get some pussy breh
1	ape? fuck u broke ass racist
1	im just a young niggah tryna live my life long
0	i get what that girls point seems to be but colored people died during the holocaust and 9/11. ((if that's a picture of the holocaust idk))
1	long hair = pussy any time you want it
1	vandalize that pussy.it's on.
1	bitch
1	it's a lil bitch at the bus stop with adidas flip-flops ; socks on. i know dem mfs soggy as fuck.
1	it's a lot of uncle tom ass niggas out here.
1	you called me a pussy, tough guy? let's see how tegan *kisses right bicep* and sara *kisses left bicep* feel about that
1	fuck you faggot grow up i'm gonna be an old ass man still playing video games"
0	flappy bird stresses me out
0	parodies of jihadi songs - more effective than asinine "muslims should condemn" humorisaweapon
1	where tf this bitch in the pink from?  this hoe pointless
1	lls omg omg me too getting harrassed by my bby father smh on ig tlk bout hw mch he miss me bitch please
1	fuckin muzzie cunts, should all be deported, savages
1	i'm busy what i'm tell all hoes who played me to the side .... i'm busy
1	get the loredo steak. out dat bitch if u ballin
1	why do i play these scary pc games? cuz im not a pussy and i like being scared shitless
1	all the time lol lol ima hoe sometimes
1	one time me and this blind bitch was watching a movie
1	more than you run pussy
1	bitch is you drunk or nah
1	my brother thincc im playing he keep putting the ac on 60, fuccing wit me i'll break it ; we will all be in this bitch burning uuuup 
1	someone who claims they're a bad bitch shouldn't get offended so easily.
1	this houston traffic ain't no hoe these mf must not work
1	shreks on bitches
1	dumb bitch
0	thick red bones in style or nah? 
1	harvard got the worst hoes cheerleading in america
1	big booty bitches always win.
0	sounds like they are holding back info.......yankee shill
1	''single af'' we don't care you're ugly anyways me pussy
1	wut a bitch
1	to fez: your nipples couldn't be covered by two trash can lids.
1	nobody likes bloody nips
1	bitch i been in plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight
1	you gotta be a new breed of retarded if you do that.
1	walk like a big bitch now.
0	gov rick scott refuses to debate charlie crist because of a small fan
1	i'm sorry i called you a gap-toothed bitch, its not your fault you're so gap-toothed
1	that area is a bitch regardless so i can imagine
0	happy birthday take a spin in that yellow coupe... shutemdown
1	rickie shitstache ; the rest of these pussies better enjoy this back injury. 2015 will be nothing but birdie putts and
1	ppl talk bad about the ghetto/hood ... but as a kid growing up, a nigga had funnnnnnn "
1	hahaha thanks bitch 
1	stupid loose pussyed bitch
1	when i die throw a couple bad bitches in my casket
0	brendon urie must make other boys feel like trash
0	i seen sum of it but i'm tryin see lox n mook
1	females never understand that guys dont give af about females that they dont like liking them. stop trippin, he dont know that hoe
1	boooooi that's tmi for these hoes
1	11/19 w/ - the depot 12/19 - a pussyfootin xxxmas (hoe hoe hoe motherfucker santa claws is coming to town)
1	*makes a wise argument about the accelerated warholian notion of celebrity in the era of vine* *passing teens mock my old wrinkled balls*
1	that wasn't me hoe azz boi i'm (sniff sniff ) sorry (sniff sniff)
1	i can't stand a "fuck these niggas" ass bitch..
1	shirley temple was a bad bitch when she was my age as well.
1	what happen to them vixen ent bitches" they got ran and threw to the side like a foothill bitch
1	yes every guy is a bitch today...lol...smh
1	mama said no pussy cats inside my dog house
1	you little stupid ass bitch i aint fucking with you
1	sex with whoever i want whenever i want? nah. my girl give me good pussy all the time.
1	" like snoop said in 94 we dont love these hoes "
1	you always say we dont love these hoes, yet yo girl a hoe...
0	a birds eye view of today's harvest14 activities. thanks for the great camera work
1	can't have a bitch with no future or goals. i love kids but if you're not a parent first i can't deal with you
1	she said i got to many hoes
1	thank you rangers for taking out the diving pussy i love it bruinsfan
1	that hoe that you in love with? that's that hoe i mess around with
1	"my nips are freeeeezing...and that's not okay because they're slicing through my bra...." 
1	these thots keep saying all niggas want is pussy....well bitch wtf else does your broke, non cooking, ass have to off
1	wish i would let you dig in my pockets ... god bless you w/ breath in your body... lazy ass bitch get up ; start grinding
1	no i dont own the pussy i just sample it
1	sup bitches
1	not one bitch is texting me right now. 3,000 followers, 22 inch rims, 60 inch tv and straight ass teeth but 0 text messages. ima kill myself
1	my job some hoes, how you gonna call at 7:34 talking bout come to work at 8  ummm no i'm staying in bed.
1	i'm a couple bitches header  ioeno em 
1	does da n mean negro?
1	night niggers
1	alright your time is up cheesecake trash
1	theeepp that's my bitch
1	anything said bout my moms b would of led to a bitch getting stone cold stunner
1	i hat that i paint my beard shit... just eat some pussy and grow you one dawg... quit tryin to shortcut it
1	this sam guy is a fucking pussy.
1	' niggah said " my girl off limits thirsty niggahs stay out her inbox " but the bitch look like kunta kintes...
1	wave  or get splashed  on splashgang ya bitch you
1	watching the innocence of muslims. that dude who played muhammed must be getting a ton of pussy now.
1	glad i bossed up on my old hoes 
1	i love fat bitches. that's my fucking problem.
1	for a hdm *everybody*  block bitches too
0	im ready for today iu iubb hoosiers hoosierstate ncaa big10 michigan gameday btown
1	she make me wanna take things slow but i can't even trust a hoe
1	nah nicca, its to light to be my dark ass lol and.i knowww thats your baby picture lol
1	them hoes so damn nice 
1	why did the fins sign finnegan? hes a certified bitch
0	i can jig, but i can't jig jig.  like that new jigging got so much in it that you could do, you really gotta be in shape for it.
1	meek do some nut shit one time he a bitch i guess y'all forgot all the hoe shit wale did on twitter oh ok 
0	i don't understand the need for multiple autopsies. i guess they're going to keep on until they can slant 1 against the officer
1	 can y'all females let this sink in for min? moment of silence to get y'all bitches thinking right?
0	let's play "what will the ghetto white girl with neck tattoos in front of me buy." if you answered cigarillo's...you've seen this episode b4
1	who shot john lookin ass hoe
1	this next generation is being raised to be a bunch of mindless pussies with no discipline.
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect 
1	with putin pushing for land and china completely revamping their armed forces? you're a fucking retard. stay out my country.
1	if we're dating, don't be a sensitive bitch when i insult you.. i expect to be insulted back.
1	who takes mid from the best midlaner na??? fuckin solo q fags.
1	i hate wen hoes lie and say i fucked em signedtothestreets2
1	most of the bitches he fw not old enough to get a id so what that tell you 
1	i just dont see the point in permanently ruining the chance of hitting the pussy again just for laughs, giggles, and rts
1	u lucky he holdin me back bitch
1	peace out then faggot
1	last night was cool until niggas was more worried bout us than bitches..it's like that all the time.
1	is dis wrong??? if you fuck wit a lame nigga you a lame bitch"
1	i ain't bout to listen to this nigga rap about eating pussy
1	this bitch is too real looooool yaga  
1	i hate ah dirty house foul living bitches it's a lot of them out there
0	if you think that the term redskins being offensive is a political issue, you are ignorant.
1	"ibs" irritable bitch syndrome. i have this
1	wiz lost his bitch to this nigga ain't no weed in the world strong enough to help him get over that
0	fran is a hillbilly virginia mountain man who has pre-1800s white anglo-saxon beliefs frankensteinmd kikme
0	snl mocks entire obama tenure in ebola skit - hot air
1	what kind of world do we live in, where bitches are getting surgery to make their butts bigger? since when do women want a
1	i'm serious bruh she's too pretty i would eat both her pussy ; butt 
1	fuck drama class. this bitch boring as hell
1	drake needs to make up his mind. be a rapper or a bitch? haha
1	people who enjoy shows like and are douche bags. usually white trash, too.
1	5s are ugly thot bitch shoes
1	 got ur bitch tip toeing on my marble floors.......
1	this kid looks like a retard when he tries hiding his phone... so obvious
1	are you for real right now this kid haha where you at pussy
1	my chick badder than your basic bitches
1	my mom bitches too much
1	i'll never think a bitch is all mine.
0	going up to the view point and seeing star child..... what the monkey
1	b in da pussy 2 mins like
1	 brees been trash since this....
1	walk up to your house, knock on the door and blow your ass off. drop it off, drop it off, bitch i got a sawed off
0	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | teen | cutie lesbian teens toy slits
1	some white bitch on facebook lol
0	hahaha "chunky goalkeeper makes a save with his stomach"
1	i wish i could punch the 14 year old me for being such a thirsty bitch
1	the nations know who we are, but we rather be real niggers ; bad bitches.
0	he see the jig
1	i surrounded my bad bitches i can't keep them out my face wheretheyatdoe 
1	lol when bitches tryna chill with me like do u kno who i am? im the mother fuxin dory hoe i touched the butt
1	finished the essay and the quiz bitchgood job bud proud of you
1	shes one of the ugliest women ive ever seen. cross between a reptile and a crow."
1	thats shit gon be the death of these hoes...ion like it...
1	thas my bitch too
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | fisting | dude fists his wifes big pussy
1	stupid ass toe dog dam bitch you mad at your toe  dumb hoe yo toe aint wanna be stomped .
1	yall on my tl need to be sleep yall got school tomorrow bitch i got straight a's ion need to go 
1	when you're a local in pc you can't love anybody because everybody turns into hoes on springbreak
1	niggas all about sex now days. unlike you bitches, i jus want somebody who gone better me as a young women
0	just spoke w/ legend, mentor charlie ericksen. great to catch up w/ those who helped open doors for latino journos thankful
1	hugh heffner gonna be on life support, still gettin pussy
1	if u can steal her she's a hoe
1	yeah, it's fuck that jigsaw-faced bitch everyday, b.
1	"go talk to your other hoes"
1	fireball has turned from a cool liquor i used to be sponsored by...to a drink for pussy country dudes who hear it in a song.
1	but bitches do that too
1	this bitch childish af one of my sisters would've had to crash her 
1	"i have sex with a lot of guys but i'm not a hoe"......and i can sell crack to people and not be a drug dealer foh hoe
1	its retarded
1	and i was like yeah bitch
1	deletin emojis off a nigga/bitch contact name cos they don't mean shit to you anymore 
0	yankees should have never gave away melky. guy can flat out hit. yankees giants
1	when tupac said "i ain't a killer but don't push me, revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy"
0	charlie rangel should apologize to tea party members. i'll set up meetings so he can explain his outrageous comments. 
1	fuck off lil bitch, prolly gotta lil dick
1	nevermind. still a little bitch.
1	welcome to good burger, home of the good burger, can i fuck your bitch?
1	it's a got damn shame bitches wit raw ass dick sucking skills are not wifey material.
1	yeah i'm down i'm starting to promote for belasco thursday , so u better go bitch
0	only my school wouldnt give kids their schedules... ghetto
1	high then a hoe with bitch ass benny
1	karma is theeeee biggest bitch
1	they renamed that bitch the yacht club
1	i love bad bitches thats my fucking problem
1	if california chrome doesn't go off at even money or better i might flip a trash can over i mean damn can i get 6-5? oh the humanity
1	these sons of bitches came into his chruch, threatened to kill him
1	my tweets aint shit but you bitches aint either 
1	the hoes aint classy no more more like trashyyy
1	chink eyed
1	uhh no bitch i never overplayed itv
1	lmao...........poor pussy
1	jon stewart takes a crack at stupid teabagger moron rick perry and his gay/alcoholism commments
1	bad bitch w dreads alert
0	truth david is the charlie brown of scandal
0	yes. and the and stalking weird people. so many things. pr20chat
1	bitches corny with that not saving numbers shit i hate them hoes
1	grade a pussy.
1	if some one isn't an anglo-saxon protestant, they have no right to be alive in the us. none at all, they are foreign filth.
1	y'all really risk ur lives weaving in ; out of traffic traveling thru two counties for some pussy?
1	im a boss ass bitch" ...that needs to sit in a corner
0	some weird local ghetto school haha
1	you look like fucking shrek bitch
1	fucked the shit out yo bitch earlier she said she couldn't stand straight
1	y'all hire colored folk? only work half da day and throw da mail in da sewer if we ain't done
1	if you got tats on your breast, you a trash ass bitch and stay far away from me with ya acid pussy.
1	no bitch lol
1	bitch u perfect
1	i'm naturally bowlegged.. i be trying to stand normal . i think i look deformed while hoes thinking that shit is cute.
1	if i don't unwrap a big booty hoe today i'm going rio be outraged.
1	thus you have the term redneck also.... the creator is not mocked. good for you...excellent precept daughter
1	i miss having jihadist bitches in my crosshairs... ahhh the good ol days...
1	don't be a bitch. get two.
1	how the fuck can some people not get atleast 1 on flappy bird. i just got 11 while smoking a fuckin square.
1	you just ugly af stick to one this new avi trash or nah"
1	only bitches talk shit
1	ps up hoes down, if ya bitch cant swim then tha hoe gone drown
0	it's a bird...it's a plane...it's supermanu nbasuperheroes
0	i also had a dream that i went to the fob show and fob was rude to me and was getting badly hit on by some creep
1	whops yardie. go smoke a blunt and tell a nigga to come through. you are stressed
1	i'll do it in the uk, "fag" means cigarette and a "faggot" is a bundle of sticks, you homo.
1	neta bullshit aside i need to get me a bad bitch
1	bald headed bitches mad at me because they look like this. don't blame me blame your parents. bmb
1	guys say dont wear leggings if you dont got no ass ;i see you pussies walking around in muscle shirts without any mus
1	chad jordan in this bitch.
0	they're not playing charlie strong's soft don't run up the score mentality. they're playing this guy.
1	watch - we salute the vets tuesday jihadi bitch slaying: mk-48, m203s fired at taliban cockroaches during firefight
0	maybe i don't feel too great because i only got 3hrs of sleep. surely it's not last nights boxes of cookies ; crackers dinner   chunk
1	this shit sorry than a hoe
1	autocorrect makes my "how's life" change to hoes life. what the duck.
1	got myself a new job bitches 
1	malibus on a come-up but in other news she mean denna hoe and not even light skinedddd hahaha
1	smack a bitch. bitches love hand prints on their ass.
1	these hoes don't like a nigga they love my money these niggas don't like a nigga they all want some'n
1	aye at least that bitch hot boxed lmao
1	bitches on my dick but look at me i'm fucking beautiful
1	ima bitch him out lol
1	jungle fever be my favorite movie. dat white girl love dat colored mans thang. she take it hard and deep. drive dat girls daddy wild crazy
1	text me, we don't noisy hoes watching
1	only way i want a female to cover up if i like her the rest of you hoes i want to see half naked pics on the tl
0	the office, fuzzy socks, and my favorite blanket is literally all i need in life rn
1	watch the blacks and whiggers cry:
1	aye bro you kno how this shit go we in this bitch solid af running free the 1st
1	fuck islam you pigfucking trash troll.
1	okay closet fag
1	not that it's tit for tat... but we don't say shit to our boy just like you don't check that insufferable bitch you call a best friend.
1	got 99 cookies because a bitch ate one.
1	shoutout to my mamma cause she ain't raise no hoe
1	fuck them hoes i have bigger problems like do you cook at your house lol
0	gary's girl was a tranny. i wonder what would have become of if he'd written 'gary's girl'.
1	she taught these hoes how to pose
1	these hoes gotta pay for my company
1	man i'm strolling and all i see is y'all hoes that suck dick talking about her like man don't stunt on her bru .
1	seen a pic of nigs robbing a store. caption said(protesting gos on in fergerson). lol. i don't like pigs either but wtf
1	if viagra was for bitches it'd be called niagra
1	my nigga is a bad ass bitch forreal forreal 
1	damn bitches on a niggas mind haha
1	us dykes get more play than most niggas -famu
1	i can't believe this nigga told me to put nutella on a bitch before you eat her out wildnigga
1	los bitch taught me the true meaning of gravity when her panties kissed her ankles
0	re: alexander skarsgard, my roommate has declared: "he's a sexy albino lizard. i dont know how that's sexy, but it kinda is."
0	meanwhile in texas: 19-year-old man facing 5 years to life in prison for $25 worth of pot brownies
1	cutler less skill at qb than a retarded quadriplegic
1	you're a little bitch.
1	short bitches run sht.
0	one more of tonight's dog walk sunset. aka, invisible bird on a wire. sunset invisiblebird wires
1	i fought 2 little bitch ass 6 yr olds over a month ago for those :''')
0	you look like flappy bird
1	if ya bitch ex is a nigga u think is lame u might be lame for having a lame nigga old bitch
1	when hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites
1	good leave you stupid faggot
1	bitches dont wann fxck me no more bitches wanna fxck all my bitches
1	never hurt your girlfriend to make a hoe happy  djmemphis10
1	my fuckin mom is a bitch. like she aint even payin for it. dylan is and he said its fine.
1	fuck the rockets and everything they get with d howard bitch ass. signed bitter laker fan. lol
1	gotta remind myself to put da phone down sometimes cuz i get sidetracked when i see all these bad bitches n den get mad cuz i cant meet em
1	when a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch can't cook nothin for you  these hoes ain't hungry 
1	" if you're toes ain't done you pussy stinks "
1	walked in wit a new bitch on me, got niggas mad but i know it
1	if you got a body count already in 2014 you can't talk about anybody being a hoe
0	seriously, florida. a vote for charlie christ is a vote for taxes and ebola.
0	must-watch: bill maher schools pbs host charlie rose over islam's 'illiberal beliefs'
1	before covering up irs misdeeds, creepy little leprechaun john koskinen cooked the books for teamsters ; freddie mac
1	i meant bitch i am scum
1	why you shouldn't eat pussy unless you love her
1	terrance you wanna be one of my "hoes" 
1	to the retards chanting usa at the fc dallas game, kansas is in the usa.
1	i'm coming for you bitch boy
1	i love how everybody bitches about heat fans when we win but if they lose all the haters are 10x more obnoxious
1	i don't respect money ... respect real niccas
1	i'm a pro at losing followers. some people just can't handle my excessive use of the work "cunt". mines cause i say fuck
1	deadass wanted the sauce till shit got real then niggas wanna back up ooh iight then smh pussy
1	i salute to the hoes who kno they places... other than that bitches miss me
1	soulja boy bitch so aggravating all that nagging ; shit .. i hope ion sound like her 
1	my nephew on adam rose: "i bet he ain't got no hoes though."
1	yeah he sucks just like the other fags who are... oh nevermind there are no fags in the nfl
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	and im retarded too, i keep answering the house phone when i know it aint for me :l
1	you fake niggah lolol
1	bitches tweeting "last night &gt;&gt;" like they did something special except be hoes
1	black bitches think its ok to clap they hands when they getting into an argument, bitch stfu before i steal yo purse
1	them hoes are temporary, but a good woman will always be a good woman.
1	stupid ass alex. scary little bitch. throw it
0	now i'm listening to lil spook getting the good kinda sad imma be single this fall i know you'll getting annoyed with me on your tl but aye
1	i swear i heard that bitch creak
1	shit tell that pussy to come out of retirement and show up kareem jackson then he can get respect
1	reasonswecantbetogether if u was talkin to my nig or smashed da homies
1	 im not ready to see y'all hoes tweet "new year, new me" 
0	well, "dirty bird" could be just a middle finger, since it's the phallic "giving the bird". not necessarily a wobble-wibbler.
1	asian pussy?
0	i'm definitely watching that mook/ lux battle today damn it
1	stop being such a bitch
1	it's no wonder my titanium ankle is killing me. woo retarded 'winter' weather texas weather
1	nice ears bitch you look like a god damn elephant..
1	val is such a bitch
1	dont ever really talk about your intentions to your boy that nigga might just turn around and take that pussy
1	lol got these hoes in they feelings
0	dooms.. white nubuck or leather for the upper of the foam makes them a pass to me. white soles too.
1	haha them hoes only go hard when a nigga stooooned lol
1	holy fuck they some bomb ass bitches at buc-ee's
1	not true every man has hoes bye
1	you can't put anything past a new york bitch. or a detroit bitch. or a chicago bitch.
1	niggas talk more then bitches these days  facts
0	got my vans on.. my pockets chunky
1	here's how your "suggestion" plays out racist: ha, those niggers stopped callin each other nigga the end
1	stupid bitch
1	nasty pay the bills bitch
0	i've seen majorleauge with charlie sheen...........and the giants committed sin when they worshipped barrybonds as a batting coach&gt;
1	elizabeth is a.stupid hoe.
0	when your phone goes off in class and the teacher says "turn that trash off" but its a song from your mixtape
1	lol you being a cunt
1	i don't hit women but i'd slap tf out a bitch. no close fisted business though that's some cowardly shit.
0	discredited by whom? per the government the study is good and factual. pay your bills moocher teabaggers and republicans
1	hoes gon always be hoes or have they hoe ways at least.
0	whatchu sayin hoe, you know im the man hoe
1	these hoes be lying to us nigga
1	hell yea ill rep your shirt to fam lol betterwithpets teamdonny in this hoe 
1	you call house nigger and she's the racist? fathom the hypocrisy in that statement.
1	so your a dumb bitch?
0	cant the yankees make some last weeks moves??
1	bring a niggah some icecream
1	; i keep that bitch on me , it's part of my fashion so nigga see me when you see me , catch me in traffic
1	you a sucka hoe...sucka hoe im succsess
1	"a pussy a day keeps the devil away"
1	"used to have a girlfriend, now all i got is hoes.. i was lookin for a good girl, but she was fuckin on the low."
1	put that pussy on me, make me want nobody else
1	my brothers ex was a fat hog man i swear this is the reason why he doesn't have any money or anything right now it's cause of that white hoe
1	i can't never be no bitch nigga , thats how you get treated like a bitch
1	when you see a bitch nigga subtweet you
1	fake niggah they fake
1	niggas wifing hoes ; ugly bitches  i get on facebook just to remind myself i'm doing fine
0	note the rocketeer removes cardboard from launcher and carries it to a trash bin before fleeing. tidyterrorist
1	what you saying hoe?
1	tyrese a baby back bitch hope they kill him before black history month. amcwalkingdead
1	187 how i'm killin these hoes
1	day juan at the jim, and im in total bitch mode for hopefully a week. ty
1	ain't it a bitch when one of the people you get so excited hearing from, sends the shortest most closed-ended thing ever? ugh let down
1	 go to sleep bitchstfu
1	i think you've made it clear that these hoes ain't loyal
1	stuffed her like an oreo
1	basic bitches everywhere
1	cuz its 187 how im killin these hoes
1	don't get yo bitch ass killed in new atlanta baby
1	bitch i'm gretchen weiners i do what i want
1	why the fuck am i getting notifications about two cunts getting married on facebook? i dini gie a fuck getlost
1	do loyal bad bitches exist? because i want one
0	you know you are in the ghetto when you see streets named martin luther king jr ; littlejohn. halp
1	this bitch is wearing an angry birds sweater judgepeopleatschoolday
0	will hillary dodo-bird be dems 2016 candidate to take over obama's job as us prez? dog via
1	thanks ya fucking hoser
1	kill yourself ugly ass monkey looking shit
1	all these hoes fuckin..... be careful just cos she look good, don't mean she's good for you
1	jus need my nig mack wilds to win...fk the award tho
1	niggas needa stop wearing mk that's for bitches lol
0	we might have more. can't really be sure. but some weird little bird said that might be a possibility. stay tuned. maybe.
1	and does he know you're calling him a fag?
1	these niggas pure pussy i see it in they faces
1	i love the song "john doe" dope faggots
0	alfredo aceves in to relieve here in the 4th. yankees he needs to go away , gas can
1	i ain't been to the fair since i was like 8 and i haven't wanted to go since then either for some reason. too many niggers for me
1	dumb ass student gets trapped in a giant pussy sculpture germany wtf funny hornymen
1	start telling all bitches how to live their lives. can we get advice from gwenyth?
1	to be honest niggas are the biggest roaches these days.. they be with bitches just to have someone to put shit in their 
1	ya pussy let's go wheelin
1	never lettin dat nigguh used twitter in my phone again
1	people gotta learn to appreciate the people that go out if their way to help you. even if you don't want their help don't he a bitch
1	that's why i tucked yo bitch u ignorant ass mother fucker
1	umm how about they are at home raising kids? you are retarded.
0	my pits be stankin from doin dem flows. is hard on a ol colored body in da heat. dem white women be pushy when day want dare flows fixed
0	and that's why mock drafts are a joke my friends.....anyone???
1	the bigger the hoops the bigger the hoe jerryspringer classic truthhurts
1	i ain't no bitch no more, i got my license. :d
1	get some sleep pussy.
1	i hate takin out the trash, i always be expecting a big ass dog to be in the alley or like a raccoon to jump out the dumpster
1	everybody loves dej loaf cause that's wifey fuck off kaya dats my bitch.
1	idgaf about you regardless bitch you got me all day.
1	you so fucking nasty. you got held to the wrong pussy. i'm telling , you bet not ever kiss me again i'm breaking up w| u
1	" i met that pussy on ocean dr . i gave that pussy a pill " 
1	shut up bitch
1	all nfl stadiums play music by jay-z a former drug dealer whose diaphragm wouldnt work w/o saying nigger in every song
1	waka flaka a lucky retard lol
1	hoes be mad at you cause your nigga wanted you over her 
1	my god mother thinks im a stoner because she has someone watch my tweets lmfao, no ya boy clean as nikki minaj pussy
1	slap a bitch
1	when hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites that's me  thirsty ass
1	quotable if my man ain't appreciating me this pussy definitely is gonna end up in another nigga mouth. you 
1	well maybe you're a whore you stupid ugly homeless bitch
1	she can stay as close as she pleases nigguh
1	i'm saying though  all my panties be vs. ion look like these bitches tho
0	colored denim makes me puke
1	i use to wanna fuck that bitch but not no mo
1	ur pussy smell like dumpster juice  wow 
1	he better choose up cuz ain't no bitch checcin a nigga that she don't fw for being wit other bitches...that don't even sound right 
1	eating pussy is good....eating everybody pussy ain't healthy
1	if you would have followed george washington in 1776, it means that you're white trash.
1	i need to go to the mexican flea market and grab some fake gucci sandals so i can stunt on you hoes
0	would help for some others can't handle uppers and cripples them plus if moderation isn't taken into consideration it'll be bad
1	i need to stop being a little bitch lol
1	trying to cat fish me, like nuh uh bitch get in the back.
1	puss or pussy?
1	because they're all fucking two years old acting like i won't mind being tagged bitch i will violate you
1	this nigga said "bitch told me she sent a nigga ta jail.... man i thought it was legal ta beat yo hoe...that's yo hoe" lmao
1	"yo mama, bitch." what was the one sentence that ended your relationship?
1	lmaoooo hell naw bro i be up i haven't seen that hoe
1	kanyeshrug lol thots be like  only great thing these bitches can offer 
0	if your boy breaks up with you and has a new girlfriend a couple days later, then there was something you didn't know abo
1	bitch what you thought ? 
1	kinda want to spit my gum into some bitches hair.
1	so is your pussy lmao
1	after you get done running train on a bitch thats on her period  no that's nasty
0	coincky~dink
1	bitch you got me i trouble i love you too .. take your drunk ass to sleept
1	you really seem to love sandusky. weirdo. ur a creepy ass cracker
1	bruh i never seen so many ugly bitches in one picture before smh is that luda
1	peace fags, just remember i'm best lux support na. drop lustboy pick me and kakao up tsm.
1	all i want is bitches, big boooty bitches
1	it ain't nothin to cut a bitch off
1	but shawty you not a bitch you the one i get money wid
1	tyra banks still getting paid for these america's next top model re runs, this bitch so bossy 
1	fucking over your guaranteed pussy trying to get some more pussy will end you up with no pussy
1	merry christmas to all y'all bitches and hoes
1	lmao denote got a bitch here right now but he love her
1	oh yea a-lo aka mr bitches lmao
0	i'm gonna be ghetto and color over the stain with a sharpie ctfu
1	stop being a little bitch and fuckherrightinthepussy
1	sometimes you gotta block a bitch because damn they annoying
1	lil bitch but her ass move 
1	cumming in her pussy was love
1	niccas be hating on my nicca jeezy ... realtalk
0	charlie daniels goes off on satanic evil
1	not in florida retard
1	now, mfa don't wanna spend a dime wit em. prolly out here yelling money over bitches.
1	y'all bitches got to stop pushing away the niggas who really care about y'all for these niggas who don't give a fuck
1	the little bitch nervous because he not tweeting anymore
1	kim k got bitches thinkin being a hoe is a career with health care benefits
1	you keep your bitch ; ill stay on my grind.
1	i just don't wanna get looked at funny when i say nigger in public...
1	me: "yeah i think i'll get off early tonight and get a good nights rest. 4:00am: "not tonight bitch, not tonight."
1	chill with the thirst bitch my chicks right next to me for real hoe
1	i like how thinks i'm talking to hoes..hell nah lol my bad i forgot you ain't got hoes like vdawg do
1	johnny is a punk bitch doe
1	cause i'm tired of you big bitches coming for us skinny girls
1	a bird just flew into my hotel room. i'd rather get gangbanged by 10 mandingos for 2 days straight than experience that again
1	sal tryin 2 pull a k. ferderline..lazy ass son of a bitch
1	dis broad done tagged dis nicca n a video of his sis giving dome .. tragic
1	commie ;9773; mints this faggot commie
1	thats life hoes gonna be hoes an you could blame tammy
1	breathe you are going to kill yourself if you don't exhale killin you hoes
1	retweet if ur dick will choke a bitch 
1	i dont say fuck bitches get money because i love em both
1	this bitch says she's got 150% in school... what the fuck is that bullshit
0	ok i'm watching mook vs lux....neither of them was good... but mook won 3-0 ..this wasn't close to me vs hitm
0	" i got hicks lol
1	having a real bitch by your side and holding it down for you is a blessing  for real.
1	"you took our land so you could make each other retarded in diapers? sure....use our image....cool...." redskins nfl concussion jokes
1	whats wrong with this bitch
1	bitch you can tweet but not answer?
1	nigga i really dont give a flying fuck but if u wanna talk shit then back your words up and scratch stop being a little bitch
1	there's dudes on twitter who have no respect for their dick.you know,the mirror selfie niggaz,the nude droppers,dick avis,pussy eating avis?
1	the trick of reality tv is making tacky bitches seem classy ; badgering real women with real ethic into submission. it's a 
1	man i just went from 0 - 100 real quick i ain't no hoe the fuck niggas thought this was ?
1	trust no man, fear no bitch. wisewords
1	i asked my two best friends to describe me in three words, i get back "boss ass bitch" and "short, feisty, and mexican." i love my friends.
1	 i wish the bitch would .
1	im such a bitch sometimes
1	pussy
1	its feeling like wintertime bitches
1	momma didn't raise no sukka, bitch
1	that ass so retarted it belongs on a short yellow bus.
1	females always complaining about some shit niggas ain't doing right ....like bitches don't have flaws
1	making homemade pickles and working on a funny tweet about pussy. i am going to make a great old lady
1	i can't stand a fag bitch like fucc get out there ; make the money 
1	it's yo fault taking a nig out everyday
1	some of you bitches are dumbbbb
1	if ya girl shaves the pussy before going out with her girls, somethings wrong.
1	can we not use the word faggots?
1	bitch stfu and get off my page
1	ugly ass hoe wanna be me so bad bitch gone on 
1	it's paid for, only 30k miles, and the bitches always have my money. 
1	- lol it's possible that a hoe can treat you the right way but will she love you the right way? no. a hoe will be a hoe.
1	point a ppint an bitch 
1	shy glizzy sound dumb as shit, you know nothing bout medellin
1	a knock on the door. "who could it be at this hour?" i shuffle down the hall. "who is it?" i ask. it's a bad bitch and a burrito. the end.
1	lmfao but " we don't talk " gtfoh  bitch i guessed it ; i was right 
1	yall bare hoes yall dnt care bout ?? i spent my childhood in a wild hood
1	; lmao . hoes extra sensitive via text.. they swear they hear your tone in every letter. i start using punctuation's .
0	coming up at 5:15a: charlie baker's campaign admits he may have been wrong about the emotional fisherman story from this w
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | closeup | pussy fuck close up
0	chargers and raiders are both trashboltupdoe
1	i didn't know my nig g-eazy had reached a million views on one of his songs, haha that's crazy
1	girls will ignore your text messages then get bothered when you give other bitches attention.
1	sleep over with guys doesn't mean we gonna fuck. trust me you're a bitch for denying them pussy
0	o unpunished. this has been the view for many thousands of years in civilised and uncivilised society.
0	go fight against the idf if you progressive trash hate them so much, you don't have the guts to do it. istandwithisr
1	women want a best man holiday type of nigga meanwhile you have mad thot pics on ya gram talking about "this could be us" bitch die
1	if pussy lips could talk ill go down there like it's whispering
1	these hoes be busting nuts when they get a
1	lmfao custy bitches be like ( ) come on in
1	don't try to be nice to me after you were being a bitch
0	man city and the yankees have got together to form the 20th mls club.they begin playing in 2015.
1	yea he coming back him big rod doing something for that hoe
1	ugly goldigging cunt u probably have an uncircumcised penis faggot
1	no send the fucking challenge quit being a pussy
1	s/o to for his shitty fuzzy hat. made sure he wasn't getting laid lmfao
1	i'm in this bitch on some insomnia shit. been in bed since midnight.
0	ok chill love bird lol
1	god damn flappy birds weak ass
1	lmao i'm weakkk my pussy popz severely lmfaoooooooo
1	i fucked yo bitch don't get mad it's nothing new i fuck everybody's bitch thesethotsareforeveryone
1	hello new followers. i am anime loving nigger who is too poor to afford a laptop, resulting in being a mw3 theater player for darth.
1	you selfish bitch... i bet you love running.. i sure do.
1	left my last bitch along ain't no need for stressing 
1	pau a hoe. how u gon play after the trade deadline
1	yall ever was in the car with ya moma before and you singing every song come in and she be like bitch you know that sch
1	jk. i'm going to be a pussy about it. i don't want the love of my life seein me all scared and shit.
1	this faggit bitch tried to say she hoe'd for hd bearfaced bitch yusa fag
0	...because sometimes you just need a moment to appreciate a noble guinea pig with steampunk dragon wings.
1	dats y i don't argue wit dese bitches lol
0	thanks charlie
1	and i'm steady tellin dis bitch gtfo my face
1	i love when say "bitch i'm me" 
0	what the monkey...
1	sleep niggah lol
1	hungry as ferkin nips
1	what's up nigger 
1	i'm out this bitch
1	pussy ass bitch
1	bitch i know stfu 
1	grow a pair pussy
0	hot 97 trash.
1	all the niggas in the world why tf do bitches mess with their friends nigga?
1	my sister said my step mom is a cunt. &lt;3 i love my sister (:
1	bitch... so they can't hold a real nigga down fa long..  bruh ask mama to pay this ticket fa me
0	yes no will you buy the new caramel apple flavor of oreos?
1	fuck wnba , fuck dykes on my set gotnoset
1	humans are evil man. cutting tusks of these beautiful animals so chinks think the get a hard on.
1	sion is a faggot. very meh ganks pre-6 and post-6 his ganks are still pretty meh he's just a tank, nothing special imo mao +
1	"fucking white people" bitch wut?
0	hey everybody, the white iron band plays this saturday(12-11-10) on the slopes of lutsen,mn at papa charlies(21+). going to be a real...
1	how i lose this sweet..you ain't lose it you hide it lmfao viri tryna smoke that hoe to his self
0	this isn't ghetto.....it's smart i'm doing this idc
1	some black guy at my school asked if there were colored printers in the library. "it's 2014 man you can use any printer you
1	u pulled.that queer shit as spon as u put no homo lol
1	that nig was a g on that e60 i would have done the same thing
1	my cousin said he share hoes with his brothers. he said sharing is caring and he love his brothers "
1	hickeys hurt i don't see how people always have them hoes .
1	vibing with my bitches ,on this  feeling good  slowjams neveradullmoment withthesebitches 
1	if she kiss u with her eyes open watch that bitch"lmfao
1	bitch fuck you get out my mentions malzeno
1	all bitches need a bus driver uppercut a chris brown bitch slap followed by some dancing nd chad johnson hea
1	basic bitches ; lame niggas &lt;
1	man fuck this bitch
1	if she aint talkin to you , then who she talking to ? cus you know bitches cant stop talking trustissues
1	break shit fuck the law....grrrr...fuck that shit...punch that bitch
0	waco is ghetto hahaha. wait til we go pick up nat in austin tomorrow
1	hey, people bird watching, you do realize theres like, hundreds, literally hundreds of free pictures of boobs on the internet, right?
1	if some little fucking faggot spits in my food i swear to god id tear your fucking arms off
1	done that spell check we know you meant fat liberal dyke feminist nazi bitches
1	fuck her right in the pussy
1	brees you need a black hoe, who cheating on her man that work offshore, that would fuck you while the baby in the bed w
1	gotta 9 for the bitches outta line
1	gucci, you conceited bitch i might be 'cause my chain so bright, stevie wonder might see
1	im pregnant ass bitches , matter fact ima slip down the steps ass bitches
1	"if you are nice girls, they will be bitches to you. if you are an asshole, girls will want your dick. womanlogic"
1	just cause i liked a photo from 32 weeks ago don't mean i'm stalking you bitch you just don't look as good as you used to
1	like bitch 
1	bitch i will kill yo vibe
0	yay im a whitey :3
1	only fuck niggas would wanna continue to mess with these messy ass bitches vs. somebody who has been down for them all a
1	chill zahra im getting crackers rn
1	text ya bitch like "ya man suck, meet me at da birkin store tell em get his bands up" 
1	all the coons use the same effect on their pictures
1	that nigga so trash
1	she remembers the dick lol and wants it again. i recommend you shoot a bitch if she show up. she might snap
0	my head too big for snapbacks , i like beanies better anyway
1	i hate that faggot he so corny
1	shit i want a bitch so bad that i'd eat her in front of her kids
1	" i txt my old bitch my new bitch pussy wetter "
1	'i drowned in ur pussy so i swam 2ur but." easily the most eloquent message sent on xbox live.
1	i got hoes i got fuckin hoes i got fuckin hoes
1	so yesterday i ran into a dude i went to high school with ; he used to be skinny as hell. now? omg. same fucker who slit my tires years ago.
1	ultraviolence video, its coming you little bitch mtvhottest lana del rey bitchy promo
1	he bein a bitch
1	if this bitch don't turn crash in 
0	blessjesus amos 3:3 - can two walk together, except they be agreed?
1	i'm bout to get this bitch a cell mate
1	it's "comfortable" but niccas like me say "com-tha-ble"...smh
1	my hobbies consist of sleeping ; subtweeting about random people from school that don't even know me because i'm a judgemental bitch
1	you know a bitch is crazy when she smiles and she's upset
0	muzzled pit bull with throat slit found on side of road in pa via hideous abuse throat slit left to die
1	im fukin yo bitch u mad as shit
1	it's funny when u get a black female mad they start acting ghetto then a bitch
1	i will not buy your bitch no red bottoms.... so don't even worry bout that cuzzo..
1	clown ass nigguh
1	oh nah bitch .. i work too much to even think about it. lol
1	if she ain't yo lady u better not text her ass good morning quit treating these side hoes like wifey material
1	oh, no. not whitney it can't b true &gt;sob, sob, weep, sob&lt; oh, the crack industry has lost their champion ripwhitney, ya dumb bitch.
0	i want a pet monkey 
1	i'm going to blame the black man, since they always blame "whitey" i'm an equal opportunity hater.
1	listen cuntrag whore bitch, shit be expensive as fuck, man. we had to do pr first that one year, this year was the wedding so.
1	melo should've got the bitch for the east
1	my bitch sad lookin like a lack of funny
1	the bird gone run from your ass
1	i'm coming for that no 1 spot nigguh
1	money, hoes, cars and clothes
1	broke bitches be like oh he got monn-neyyy
0	but only bbc, the american version is trash
0	"i saw an ajumma walk out in the beginning saying, 'wow, this is so trash that i can't even listen to it..'" " lmaoo
0	sixten just shoved like 8 oreos down his throat
1	if u cant deal w what we go thru. then i got bitches lined up, i got an ego too.
1	this fucking little bitch landed on me in the car and really thought i wouldn't kill him..
1	bitches came over, yeah we threw a party
0	dude was talmbout "i don't know why everyone hates nickelback" because they're trash, that's why.
1	that fat bitch ruined everything  fuck it though i was super burnt
1	i'll beat some pussy up right about now
1	lol da only reason i can't talk bout da present is cuz my nicca hurt n ain't played all yr
1	smh what's wrong wit u ho
1	bitch what but i pull more hoes the u dream of
1	all these bitches want love from scrappy .
1	 "bitch i know you got games on your phone"
1	" i spend my money how i want bitch its my business "
1	the only thing more irritating than donald sterling being a cunt is adam silver continually apologizing for him.
1	nigga i seen yo ass at da welfare center, punk bitch, ain't worth my time
1	now my side bitch my main bitch bc my main hoe ain't feeling me no mo. no mo.
0	working theory: this "selective race" abortion ban passed in florida today was just an excuse for redneck reps to say ...
0	this flappy bird game addicting .
1	open mouf kissing my nig... lol.....sam love him some kissing smh lol
0	it's settled. the ding dong is far superior than the twinkie.
1	i wish a bitch would tell me something that i don't know about my nigga. girlboo
1	lmao don't fight me you don't know my ghetto ass school dude i highly doubt that since i don't give a fuck about it
1	half y'all hoes still got nut in y'all baby hairs , shut up 
0	let's be serious. most fans/callers wanted to run heavily and dink and dunk. doesn't work great against a d you can't get extra yrds against
1	 these bitches started shooting at my party. fuck new orleans
1	i'm a bitch now ? ok.
1	hot nigga is just as big as i don't like was. bobby bitch nice too he won't tho
1	thats thot pussy? 
1	almost got in a fight with a southwest faggot at the carnival lol
1	why do yall bitches act so childish
1	ha bitch who angry bitch am taller and older then your fake ass boy stfu your making yourself look like a dumbass pussy boyy
1	don't let idiots that can't even spell retarded get you down.
1	mite hit the rec i know cell marcus and jax gone try to hit that hoe
0	all i did was said her weed was trash
1	i got bitches geekin sneakin cocaina cross the customs -
1	we out brooklyn bound wit this money. feelin like yung jeezy in this bitch  lmaoooo
1	lmao y'all single hoes stay pregnant 
1	this bitch compared dicks to pencils get sharpened ... like don't as you sharpen a pencil it becomes more useful
1	: holy shit, freddie highmore was in charlie and the chocolate factory" me: *rolls on the floor, laughing*
1	them stop being a bitch and do it
1	phone drier than yo bitch scalp 
1	niggas aint worried bout other niggas messin wit dey hoes. niggas worried boit hoes messin wit dey hoes
1	come over hoe
1	how she stay faithful with a room full of hoes
0	obersturmfuhrer matthias, my wife is a superb financial brian. carry on with your labelling in her presence, and see ho
1	messi is thinking , "ronaldo is such a bitch, couldn't even make it out his group" ahaaaaa
1	i hate when a girls all "i'm single and i do single shit (be a lil thottie) cuff me if you have a problem" like bitch i'll rko your ass
1	so, are the olympics over in brazil yet or what? i mean, yay sports what? stop looking at me like, what are you, queer? goredskins?
1	saw a man in a yellow trench coat ; matching fedora with an iwatch. what a dick.
1	okay so either is a super dyke or has some weird car sex fetish.
1	im pretty sure she's a bad bitch. in other words, shawty a dime.
1	bitches don't even go out to have fun anymore they just go out to tweet about the function and to take pics wit other bitches
0	miami's run defense is alex smith trash.
0	this one night i was tripping off brownies i put my running shoes on and i was still in pjs, it was 2am
1	big boobs = no ass no ass = big boobs big boobs and big ass = ugly face big boobs , big ass , pretty face = hoe.
1	niggas is hoes onhere and in real life too....
1	sheeeeeit you tell me i wana fat bitch that smell like bologna 
1	thanks little fag 
0	i don't understand it, there's trash cans/dumpsters everywhere and if there's not, just wait till you go somewhere with one.
1	twinkle twinkle little star i fucked your bitch and stole your car
1	this hoe in here 6months pregnant man take yo ass home
0	nose goes on taking out the trash this time. 
1	now fuck that stfu shit how a bout u stop being a little bitch and get it round cuz u avoiding question u fucking scarry
1	-5 10. how many hoes do you really have?
1	vine is filled with pussy lol smh
1	ight bitch ima see u
1	to that cunt who said she won't ppl who use foul language because it lacks intelligence... bitch, let me introduce y
1	i like my bitches simple laid back relaxed your mental
1	thanks for calling me a fucking fag.
1	fyi my favorite type of bitches.
0	not allowed to play flappy bird around grandma because she swears at me to stop swearing lol
0	basic trash
1	bitch was at a gas station puffin. i swear that's so trashy... her nigga should put her in check..
1	if u got cotton mouth u can eat my pussy
1	rt cheap hair.. cheap dresses.. cheap shoes.. tacky ass little bitches
0	i'll show up and chug a beer or 8
1	joe ripping on a nobel prize winner while hes not their. what a little bitch morningjoe
0	the slopes aren't for us bro hahaha
1	wipe the cum out of them faggot contact lens is wildin can't see shit
1	dont mind me im just over here tryin to teach ur bitch how to dougie
1	shes a bad bitch
1	all the fine bitches i need yall to hit me up my 562 922 40 guess the last 2 
1	when a niggah think he gon come in-between me and my bestf  i'll fuck you and her up 
1	i swear nobody can complain about hoe early they have to wake up to go to work. because nobody wakes up at 2am to get ready
1	errrnigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin his bitch is the next nigga bitch
1	i love pussy
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	i approve this message good pussy is a mufucka. 
1	tyler isn't shit faggot go listen to some real music
1	so bad bitches intimidate you, in other words?
1	pisces will never be anybody's bitch, they don't let people control or change them." rigghhht
1	hell yeah benihana up in this bitch
0	we over here struggling with college and work and ice jj fish making money for being trash lol. what has this world come to.
1	wyd fag
1	you fuck a girl longer then 30 min ; you still aint bust...she gotta busted loose ass pussy...
1	so damn stupid, someone needs to sit that bitch down ; explain to her that communism is a p
0	apple need to add some colored emoji
1	naomi campbell, rihanna, miley cyrus?...crazy bitches lol
1	ya bitch choosin
1	hoes love justifying other hoes actions. that's how you easily know who be hoeing.
1	your eyebrows on fleek, but ya pussy on stink
1	niggas get a fresh cut, snapback to match the shoes and shirt.....and don't even say waddup to the pretty bitch next to em in da bus
1	riding in that ooo bitch it's nasty
1	i was given the same number as mean joe greene in high school but was never as tough as that son of a bitch. respect
1	ain't this a bitch
0	"you've got to have smelt a lot of manure before you can sing like a hillbilly." hankwilliams
1	bitch ass nigggaaa
0	somebody please bring out of my hotel room and hire me for something real&gt; i work hard for somebody throwing me in the trash. iwantout
1	trust these bitches ? nah
1	man get yo bitch ass out my mf mentions man with all tht bs u trippin
1	real shit: i love eating pussy.
1	exactly. don't be gettin no additional pussy for them soft ass tweets. jus be you dude lol
1	ive got the best friends a functioning retard could have.
1	i mean i like to get nasty but tooting my ass up in a bitch face ain't in my freaky zone
0	there was a fly that was banging into all the windows and i called it retarded but then i thought to myself "umm i'm talki
1	that guy who you're so into and who is constantly an asshole to you doesn't give a damn about you beyond ur pussy
1	 nigga doing the duggy on dem dead hoes lol
1	ion kno what im doing tonite....i jus kno its gon end wit me dick first in some pussy....
0	yankees got beaten by a thug
1	bitch i'll end your fucking life. you a fuckboy
0	those were bumblebees....
1	idk how bitches trust other bitches sooo easily. i still have the same friends.
1	"that shit can break you down if you lose a good girl, i guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up"
1	lmao lmao you'll never be vegas. you faggot punk bitch.
1	high then a hoe but played it cooooool
1	y'all bitches better stop the madness .....
1	shout out to the bitches thinking their boyfriend is loyal because every time you check their phone it says "0 inbox, ...
1	wats up with ppl calling me foriegn bitch now
1	told my home girl bitch you bet not change on mee
1	just got 11 in flappy bird holy shit
1	i know some ratchet bitches and they rep the north side
1	is there a full moon out? crazyassholes out in full force and i'm not talking about muzzies or liberals and i'm in the mood to oblige.
1	my bad bitch ayeee
1	screaming money over hoes nigga you ain't fuck shit
1	fuck with us and then we tweaking hoe
1	y'all bitches wanna be so different and y'all really so basic
1	lol hell naw fuck dat one swing all swing bitch one gone get punch then the rest gone get punched tf out lmao
1	one hoe be fine as fuck and the other one be ugly than a bitch
1	still don't give a fuck bout a bitch or her dude
1	happy birthday to the nicest faggot ever 
1	stupid hoe is so wack 
1	i chase bread over hoes cause i never met a dollar i aint like facts
1	why niccas be hating tho lol .. let me live homie
1	bruh.. don't do this females swear their best friend is the baddest bitch in the world
0	lmaoo we was sayin this same statement last year boozer is trash bro i'm done 
1	get this nigguh of this streets
1	nights like this i wish, ride low in the chevy hit the switch. in the city burning killa with a bitch
1	when jake was mad happy and hugged muscle faced renee russo at the end of 1 i was like yeah them bitches bout to win it all
1	lol lebron bitch ass always making a spectacle look at me ass nigga
1	a loyal girl really truly does come with a smart mouth and arguments. only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she
1	i was emo ok emosquad2k10 get on my level bitch
1	or you're a fag.
1	dem niccas run plays too quick
1	same niccas tryna be around me .. the same niccas that used to down me
1	alexfromtarget had them bitches wet...lmmfao
1	it's dumb cunts like you that make me sad to have served in a war so you wouldn't have to.
1	im soooooo tired of this dick dyke showing up on my fb feed. real studs dont fucc niggas. just be bisexual.
1	am done are acting like a little bitch. my 5 year old nephew realer then your scary ass, sunset is not a time u dumb fuck
1	u know how hispanics be takin all the jobs these niggers won't? yeah, somethin like a hispanic
0	in the trash
1	oh i forgot you retarded lol lemme break it down for you where the bg hoes at lmao
1	punk bitch walking tall like you got something to prove
1	i'm with another nigga bitch 
0	gun control talks with gunrunning eric holder on board. we r the planet of the apes
1	the "his momma dead. bitch really think i can't connect my own lucky number" face
1	"dear daily mail, you misogynist pile of twats"
1	who is dis crack ass cracker
1	i choose to fuck all these bitches not because they're easy, but because i'm hard presidentialpounding
0	this is gobbledy gook to me because i dont have the game
1	im scared of her...her pussy too good lol
1	nigglet 
1	what? smdh another bitch
0	from jihadi streams: rutba, anbar province, iraq
1	sorry dyslexia is a bitch
1	george didn't have a twitter called "no limit nigga" where he talked about fighting, drugs, guns, and bitches and hoes.
1	lol i would've beat that hoe up
0	...in fact were i to start a for-profit university this would be the sole requirement for graduation
1	when people complain to me about prices i'm just like bitch do i look like i make the rules?
1	eyy that pushin one for me bro cause you know that bitch better blow hah
1	u made me drive all the way to plano then wanna bitch out
1	those my v necks now ho
0	i have never once in my life been to a 'coffee shop' like starbucks. i am a hick though.
1	he's trash
1	im in a full suit bow tie and all at a restaurant ; called my frat a bitch ass nigga.caught myself bc im around white ppl staring at me lol
0	i feel sorry for anyone who paid for lic because edc is trash music
1	peckerwood
1	signsofcockblockin ----&gt;rt niggahs telling hoes i'm down talking them just so i can't get on  fuckniggahs
1	i like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too
1	gresham road soldier bouldercrest soldier and i told my bitch to quit me cause i'm never gone propose
1	maybe i'm the one, maybe i'm the two, maybe i'm the nigguh that you call when you're through.
0	fresh out the gym but yet i'm bout to eat free birds.
1	i see da dayd presidents coz my bitches and hoes be makin money day way
1	lmao a hoe's favorite season is cuffing season u aint know?  summer hoes turning into winter wifeys 
1	like no bitch you didn't make the cut.
0	nah some honkey lookin dude at chr
1	even tho i killed a pussy nigga i hope he go to heaven -young thug 
1	if the world was free of sucka free it would be just me and my nigs left
1	i got hoes i got hella hoes
1	she kept whispering in my ear "jasmin, you are so damn fine".....i said "bitch, jasmin is over there"
1	98% of women were sluts freshman year of college. let these hoes be great
1	side bitch or main bitch you still ain't the only bitch. 
1	pretty bitches with even prettier titties 
0	i need like 43 fuzzy blankets to sleep 
1	i'd get a girlfriend if i had hoes tho. lmaoo.
1	ain't shit pretty but my bitch and my momma anyone can get the drama
1	bullshit..i guess the poor have all the money..tax money movers at same rate as working people..you teabaggers are traitors
1	i give off the selfish little bitch vibe, but if you get to actually know me i tend to put others before myself 24/7
1	smh hate that hoe
1	yes you do retard.
1	ohh ; btw when you get a call from 24 blame , bitch keeps signing up people bc she wants gym buddies lol
0	no teabaggers, 9/11 is not about benghazi, it's about those planes and those towers. stop watching fox news.
0	oops: 'constitutionalists' teabaggers in mississippi forgot ratify a centerpiece of the constitution: 13th amendment banning slavery.
1	"so many hoes, it should be an ethnicity"
1	silly bitch shit never sleeps huh..
1	mum agrees with me, ur being a wee moody cunt and you cani deal with the fact i'm right:/ dadsbeingsilly
1	trying to download ios 8 but my phones a bitch
1	i understand but stop venting on this bitch you give to much insight in to your life ; these people don't deserve that
1	yg threw a pool party and wore pants with chucks. his sole purpose of throwing that party was to fuck bitches out there
1	life aint nuthin but bitches and money icecube nwa
0	please stay safe you guys i love you so much, i hoe to one day meet you guys happy halloween :)
1	hoes be like "i'm a virgin".
1	fellas remember to stock up on thermals and timbs before the dykes buy them all
1	scientists have recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin'
1	that's enough of making fun of retarded people talking that way
1	mann.. jada pickett was a badddddd bitch lawd
1	an awesome friday. not a day for pre-weekend news-dumps anymore. another weekend to celebrate progress my fellow queer folk
0	bet charlie strong has contacted ridley
1	niggas talk more than bitches these days... let that sink in
1	kyles a bitch
0	free birds. lol
1	lol i be eatin da shit outta sum pussy. ill never be a serial pussy eater tho.
0	mall with my fellow ginzos to do some christmas shopping fuckdimmy vinnysnotmadon billgetsbuns
1	bare it bitch. see what i did there
1	you're not the father what every mexican/nigger loves to hear.
1	"ayo take this pic for me fam" "you think the bitches gon fuck with this pic?" lma
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	i was implying you we're the bro ; them two aint nothin but lil hoes..c'mon now i or you kim
1	all these bitches ; niggaz with they imaginary haters .....
0	naw bryan said it was trash hotel so we're staying somewhere else
1	females act like they never seen a nicca who raise they kids .. the reaction makes me laugh every time
0	pollos a l'ast dos pollos estaban dando vueltas en una pollera mientras los estaban cocinando a l'ast, cuando...
1	" lames crying over hoes thats tears of a clown "
1	you ever dream about fucking a chick, fuck her in real life then the pussy was better in the dream?
1	facts can be a bitch sometimes.
1	you got niggas, and i got bitches.
1	trey songz went in on that "looking ass bitches" reply to nicki 
1	mom: "what happened to ___ *insert old friend name*? you used to be close." me: "fuck that bitch."
0	i went to college every college got a bird class where u can get ya friend to sign u in ; get an a out the class rashad 
1	i've seen a number of bitches on here say there's no such thing as loose pussy lol. ok
1	teaching that pretend son to b a pussy his son would have lace on his jock strap
1	i tell bitches i got that i.t.s ( ike turner syndrome )
1	my cat just rolled on me and said "lets go run a game of 21, bitch"
1	bull color schemes? dull, you stupid bitch. duke wears bold pastel colors. bull makes no sense.
1	^___^ still should've walked over and said something pussy
1	text me niggah
1	everybody got some to say everybody hate if you ask me every bitch gay 
1	lean wit it, rock wit it az niccas. lol
1	tell a bitch gtfo my face fa no reason
1	yo can you guys stop being little bitches just know everything happens for a reason of your meant to be you will be 
1	why would i be in a relationship theses hoes go still do them 
1	twitter watching bitches.
1	truuuu bitches don't have any respect for themselves so i'm with you on the shit talkin lol
1	females are more thirsty for attention than males are for pussy.
0	average is basic and basic is trash 
1	nah dude mostly just sound like a faggot
1	i can't even be away from my phone that long karlie right she is a crazy bitch
1	you bitches make everything a relationship goal.
0	don lemon gets called an uncle tom, doesn't like it:
1	- you heard me. letting people know you having relationship problems ; arguing on here, that's what them hoes like, so stop.
0	i've tried. i always hit alt+f4 and eat mega stuffed oreos because i can't figure out those programs. lol
0	could you just play 2 minutes of the charlie brown "wah wah wah" adult sound effect instead?
1	no shit you are, what euros would call a typical american, fat as fuck and goes to eat fast food all the time, dumb bitch.
1	"i dont even need a picture of tamar, that bitch is beat in every picture"
1	u know u watch too much gay porn when u refer to boy butts as "man ass" or "boy pussy" bc me in my head 24/7
1	this bitch
1	somewhere out there, a redneck is jerking off with a hand he'll lose in a firework accident tomorrow.
1	im not "shy" or "quiet" im just chilling bitch
1	bitch you not coming
1	i just seen the ugliest bitch in commercial history on monday night football
1	bitches be talking about they ride or die with every nigga they talk to. bitch you done died like 8 times already
1	i'm always dumb too a extra slow ass bitch 
1	... lol nah hoes we dealt with it so will y'all 
1	when i die throw a couple bad bitches in my casket..
1	a wise man once said "damn i hate a bitch that like to argue nd shit"
1	 bae: go text your hoes me:
1	leave the bitching to the bitches
1	some bitches be like "im far from ugly" naw hoe, you're closer than you think
1	funny 2 see gay men with grindr profiles bitch on tv about privacy rights.
0	i need to pick between two wigs. the agony. ;__; my cute multi-colored bob or my red stevie nicks curly one?
1	"1st time eating pussy, i thought i was supposed to literally eat it so i ended up biting her clit really hard. we havent 
1	top knotch hoes get the most not the lesser
1	that's how niggas get cheated on. she lie in ur face bc she in denial about her hoe actions. but she tell her homegirls "it
1	just swing "that's why i fucked yo bitch." i mean...what can you say back to that?"
0	beanies cumming real soon
1	just a casual ghetto family twerk session
1	this nigger tattoo show is horrible
1	fact females that tweet all the dayum day r hoes that need attention ijs wontgetme
1	can you get eye cancer from reading too many michael douglas pussy-juice-throat-cancer jokes?
1	you little stupid ass bitch i ain't fuckin witchu.
1	photoshop putting my head on fags is not proof.
1	not even sure bro, im ignoring these hurt bitches tonight...lol
1	im watching you're next and this bitch just tried running outside and got her neck sliced
1	so to the fat, toothless, sack chasing bitch that just yelled at me from her busted ass van window. fuck off and get a real job
1	agronomist once told me "beans are a bitch-they do whatever they want"
1	i got tits as big as a hoe so it evens out
1	hoes will be hoes nd ratchets will be........well u know
1	bitch i know you seen me tweet bout you
1	what a bitch.
1	that's a legal tackle faggot seriously?
1	bro i swear to god i was just bout to txt you dex about these hoes
0	think windturbines are bad for birds? compare: via via 
0	my auto correct makes me sound so fob
0	that's ghetto for super duper it's the current generations best complement.
1	so you females feel like it's ok to dress like a hoe? smh i just hope i don't have a daughter please god
1	smoke sum bitch
1	i actually get on with erin and think she's really nice bit you're so two faced and bitch about her all the time... nasty
0	under my windoowww bleaching your teeth, smiling flash, talking trash, under your breath
1	bout to put me some hoes on backpage .. try my pimp hand out 
1	i'll be damned if a nigga wife a hood hoe..
1	ocean drive  then i gave it a pill i think i met that pussy on ocean drive,
1	the single life is hitting for zero. like i don't even want hoes.
1	"we're out here, and we're queer" " 2, 4, 6, hut we like it in our butt"
1	haha niggah gave up , can't keep up with me  loser
0	charlie crist losing 50,000 florida jobs to raise minimum wage is worth it - conservative byte via
1	is a fag
1	bitch boy
1	bitches cheat on they bitch... but be soooooo hurt when they bitch cheat back.
1	i'm really nice  but a bitch at times
0	chug ranch
1	been sleeping toooooo much, fuck it ima enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha
1	follow spree cunts. just retweet this followmebeau
1	i gota hand fulla brothers trek gang bitch we hustle
1	lmao . the side ho gets all the real action anyways .
0	george rockwell (2 of 3) speech at lynchberg armo: proud to say my uncle kelly was at this speech in 63.
1	im on that hoe now
1	dat bird bitchheavy birdcage bitch byyyyyyrrrrrrrrrrrrr bitch 
1	i think worst advice i gave you was " don't be a pussy and speed up" lol"
1	when bitches say that your dick game is stupid
1	it prolli seem like i flirt but iont want none of y'all hoes 
1	934 8616 i got a missed call from yo bitch
1	see two of his bitches in the cluuuuub what he do for a living?
1	fag 
1	i'm a pussy
1	handles lol that shit only 315 hp now your bitch is stick soo i know was good with them double shifting aha
1	follow back bitch
1	bitch please 
1	dame the type of bitch that go to jail to meet men 
0	it's awesome when people you've known for years talk trash about you behind your back and then ask you for favors later. truly awesome.
1	*hits blunt* "bruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes, but she's one of my hoes, do i keep texting her ?"
1	i can guarantee a few things: you're white. you've never been anywhere near a real ghetto. you, or a relative is a pig. 100%
1	fuk being on some chill shit . i go 0 to 100 hoes real quick. 
1	.... this is what all of my bitches say hahaha
1	i seen scooby hoe some niggas at the gardens too 
1	my two main wiggas and i
1	haha because i'm too cool for them hoes lmao jk i got reported supposedly that i was a fake account 
1	real niggas let real bitches come 
1	snoop with the hoes 
1	all i want is bitches, big booty bitches
1	im a dope ass nigga and these bitches hella sober
1	yo bag gucci but you still ugly hoe shut up
1	he must think you bump pussy. i no mind. i'll eat your thong and make you squirt like the geyser.
1	it's this dyke chick cut hair in the barbershop look just like future
1	y'all both trash
1	bitches be like "if you come over were not fucking" but it happened ; she shaved bitch knew wassup 
1	"leave you beaner retard"
1	low info people are pissed oh no dumb fucks. race baiting bitches
0	ballgame over, yankees win yanks beat the white sox in 10 innings, 4-3.
1	you need a muzzle for your horse face bitch.
1	spiff tryna hoe
1	hoes are always putting your self in a nigga situation y'all not going to be satisfied till you get your ass beat by a nigga.
1	becuz no man should celebrate his bday at a drreams faggot
0	i hope my fuzzy head doesnt tickle too much.
1	' august alsina deserved that  my niggah .
1	i text bitches at 11:12 ..... make they wish come true ;)
1	"bleed out hoe" -alexa
1	a real nigga ain't complete without a real bitch
1	guy tweets: i wanna eat some pussy follower replies: facts girl tweets: i wanna suck some dick follower replies: hoe not fair
1	balling like i'm stunna bitch
1	oh you sneaky son of a bitch you
1	i got twitter, facebook, ; instagram.. the fuk yuh mean "send u a pic ?.. bitch you better download my avi
1	years of eating and still no beard, more of mythology. when you eat pussy it helps yo beard grow this is s
1	bitches be like.. "it means something to me"
1	i need to jump in the shop on fritag for 72 beers, hate looking like 20 odd.. i need to get 120 fags tae, going to look like a junkie
1	"wtf ling ling did you at least calculate the circumference when you threw that ass in a circle?"
1	pretty bitch is always comin thru 
1	harry must thincc i'm the bitch he can fall bacc on ah sum  boi byeeeee 
1	i don't understand if all these hoes say they getting money why tf they on twitter with that childish shit bitch it's 20
0	the devil wears charlie, by revlon. lesserfilms
1	bad bitch bouncing on my pogo screamin yolo - that nigga juelz
1	pussy
1	what kind of hoe are you dressing up as?
1	literally was in the best mood and bitches literally killed my vibe
1	when the pussy so wet you hear that shit smacking &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
1	omg...what a retard...should have asked her which weighs more? thousand pounds of feathers or a thousand pounds of steel?
1	grow up just because a nigga has hoes doesn't mean he doesn't love you
0	funny, i thought tbt 90s photo this week would have you hanging me over a trash can by my ankles
1	" you dodge a bullet "  "all da bitches i cut off pregnant or bound to be ....thank god "
1	y'all bitches fake 
1	bro forreal if you have beef with someone handle it your damn self don't be a lil bitch and bring other people in it. be a
1	im just a young niggah out here chasing ins, til im in the driver seat of my benz
1	i'm done crying. i'm done being worried ain't no bitch in me, or is stupid written over me
1	dese hoes aint loyal wal-mart teamignant hoodcomedy flytv lolatl  bruh
1	but...country music listeners really are hicks and alcoholics 
1	"how i'm a hoe if i only fucked 2 men?" bitch cuz they was best friends
1	if yo pussy good my "pullout" game weak
1	my favorite is picslip that's a dumb bitch, who just posted a pic and isn't sure she should have or not
0	drugs&gt; is why giants are losing. just ask barrybonds and the hedge bet fund&gt; worldseriesgame6 faggots
1	hoes get a boyfriend and swear they not a hoe anymore. bitch having a boyfriend doesn't erase what happened before him you ...
1	i just be chillin tho .... i don't fuck w/ hoes or hoe niggas so i don't know about how they operate ... maybe i'm wrong
0	apparently i'm pathetic trash alright (-:
1	haha, says the little bitch who let someone take his phone. a real man wouldn't have let that happen. a little bitch would.
1	lmao you niggas regionally picky about hoes now. just say anything on twitter. makes it's fun tho
1	im still where that giant muk shit eats that candy with ceasar clown
0	soo what you putting on those crackers gregg?
1	just cuz he looked at you doesn't mean he likes you, hoe
1	keep them around so new bitches know they could be the next ex if they dont stay in line.
1	subtweet me one more time, you dirty chink whore
0	have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain whipped it out, she said "i never seen snakes on a plane"
1	he's the "fuck her right in the pussy" guy
1	dis be one sexy bitch
0	big congrats to all i expect him to be blogging on rube chat in a few days now get some sleep, you will need it
1	damn kaepernick is trash man
1	you thought i was playin when i cut that bitch off
1	all of us on twitter do that already shutupcrybaby lol i need. one of you to step up and volunteer to listen to me bitch.
1	the nerve of these hoes
1	niggah hurry up
1	do i get to pick the actress who portrays me on "unsolved mysteries" when the police find the remains of the bitch who ca
1	people who r mentally stable know when to beat their kids ; when to talk to them. clubs hoes ; "stop by dads" should n
1	the timeline boring because all the hoes out right now probably getting fucked or planning too
1	if u a messy bitch hell nawl i cant rock w. you
1	tbh i left all my hoes alone 
1	ight this friday nig
1	my main bitch called to tell me she missed me.  super cute love you boo.
1	s/o to all the hoes waiting up for that goodnight text.. bitch please, that nigga don't love you
1	lmao they got the titanfall jump in this bitch
1	if pussy is just pussy to you, you a nasty ass nigga.. hope you get aids  bit harsh. rethink that statement
1	bitch get yo duck ass off my shit
1	unlike some of yall boring ass bitches lol
1	but thats your baby mom though. that ain't my hoe.
1	lol yeah birds be chirping outside. bastards.
1	no girl sucks dick but somehow all dudes get head. dudes only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant
0	have their been any reports of an aerosolized virus that turns apes intelligent? seems like that kind of day.
0	lmaooo just call my phone if you want them birds *migos voice*
1	i haven't been called ugly once my whole life tho guys who refer to women as bitches are so ugly to me lmao u disgust me
1	i don't know a bitch in the world that claim they too busy for a nigga they really fuck with.
1	she give away that pussy like loose change
1	single colored man looking fo a single white woman. fat ok. i'm nigga
0	being coons at??? y'all are amazing."
1	onlife yal niggas funny man lol lonnie was suppose to get out of that bitch after he was up a band smh
0	"i am a thrill billy..with a hillbilly heart." hahahahaha jesus murphy
1	nice pussy.
0	hey now there's no need for foul language you kike
1	"it takes a true directioner to accept larry" you know what bitch its fans like you that make the boys cry. thankyoupaulforconfirminglarry
0	 my nerves are being worked cos of my monkey 
1	them chicks tried.to put me under the fire lol i'm not a dirt bag courting with a dumb hoe though.
1	little niggas love making their girlfriends look stupid, entertaining other bitches and so on, a real nigga would never
1	all people do in my house is bitch
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | anal | hardcore british queer anal pounding
1	i was grown by the time i turned 16 wit only my grandma nigguh
0	whipped out some french in front of some babes at the post office. winning
1	bitchslapthursdays 2nite pure passion doors open 10.... but we watching the game in that bitch too
1	going hard bitch swear i'm on my job throw a quake in the air call that shit a lob
1	any man even considering plastic surgery is gay gay gay imagine ya boy say "i'd get more hoes then u after i get these new lips" 
1	"hoes suck my dick cus i look like john stockton hit em wit the choppa, luke i am your fatherrr" -
0	messi is trash
1	beyonce made too many hoodrat anthems to not have been a hoe at some point in her life.
1	bitch you're the ugliest cunt ever.
1	lol la bitch happy bout beatin our bench players
1	the fact this bird ass nigga took my phone and did a light skin pose in school smh lol
1	indeed i did nigga is too over used so i use nigger
1	i've sounded like a fag the last few days  your emotions are inspiring 
0	don't follow the astros they said. they're trash they said. well now look at them astros
1	when you and your boys discover a hoe
1	stop being a hoe so i can love you :/
1	they said some bullshit. damn niggers
1	idgaf what you bitches say about me 
1	gucci mane locked up rn and u want to talk about our relationship status rn bitch shut up we gotta free this nigga first
1	top ten rappers with no hoes 1.hopsin 2.lupe 3.canibus 4.imt 5.childish g 6.papoose 7.hopsin again 8.joell ortiz 9.krs 
1	i still see plenty basic bitches with iphone 4s.
1	niggas spend $500 just to look good for a bitch they wouldn't even buy 99 cent burger for
1	i'm sticking with theory that black pussy tastes like strawberry milk.
0	now nowthat bird is one of god's creatures :-)
0	jihadis identify a man from indonesia as the one who carried a massive suicide bombing on speicher camp iraq
1	bc i got too many bitches 
1	cause all my life i was told and taught i am not shit by you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit, now you shut up bitch.
1	so wtf u tryna do bitch?
1	stfu you stupid bitch? like leave us alone? no one gives a fuck about you. bruh just block her. we're good.
0	nigor??
1	shit ill pay the premium to get away from these anything ass hoes
1	when people write a review of my comedy that starts with "i'm not easily offended, but this was just not funny" that cunt
1	wow your like 3 years late bitch
1	bitches be swearing they pussy soooo good  nonsense 
1	don't talk behind my back i hate that pussy shit
1	pussys only pussy an i get it when i need it
0	there's coon classic (r. kelly, usher) and then there's classic (stevie wonder, prince). not that there's anything wrong with
0	how can anyone hate charlie sheen
0	can't stand the yankees but jeter hitting a home run in his final at bat in nyc would be cool. getting beaned would be better
1	dese bitches n my shot nigga
1	lmaoooooooo d'angelo prolly nice as shit at madden now. lmao. fat bitch.
0	just when i'm feeling totally useless in the world (another) baby bird found in need of tlc just call me drdolittle
1	mfs see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together ; caption it "goals", bitch all they doing is going down the stairs
1	not eating pussy is un-american.
1	omg dot "i'm sure that's not all you give away for free" bitch 
1	if you hate men so much why you trying to look like one? stupid little cunt
0	man in zebra print dress robs bank
0	mother of manchester 'terror twins' who went to syria to become jihadi brides snatched by isis ... v
0	they didn't lose the city. red sox fans are bandwagon fans just like yankee fan. morningjoe
1	happy birthday i hope the bitches got you something good
1	boy a bitch still ain't got the proper amount of sleep 
1	so y'all niggaz ain't never listen to no slow shit with a bitch
1	i wish a bitch could
1	i gotta start treatin these ugly hoes like dimes.. before they get fine on my ass
1	fuck u nigger
0	50' 2nd yellow card issued for temple
1	bitches be tambout "my party"..... no bitch, its everybody party....
1	we gotta get like 20 heads to go. everyone brings tree, some bring food, bitches, and liquor of course.
1	y'all gotta stop pumping these ugly hoes heads up 
1	stop being a bitch and speaking on my name little girl , thank you.
1	rico full of shytfull of money hoe
1	queen latifah the only dyke id contemplate fucking.. rnswait...
1	the lies on this here twitter you niggas wouldn't know grade a pussy even if it slapped you cross the face 
1	this how most of yall side hoes gone look on valentines day lol
1	damn they act like bron tore his acl toughen up bitch lol
0	that long hair doesn't cover up your redneck
1	this new shit i'm workin on... yea nigguh
1	i'm already out that bitch hahaha
1	trenton gossman is the sexiest hillbilly i have ever seen 
1	when hoes think i got sucker nigga written across my forehead...
1	. requires soundcloud links and tumblr bitches; he might let you play his party then.
1	if the servers for black ops 2 acts gay today this is my bitch fo the nite
1	mitt romney gone take away weave if he become president, hoes gone be walkin around looking like lil bill ; calliou...
1	roses be red orchids be bigger donts tell yo daddy you fuckin a nigger vddie
1	i walks in country kitchen restaurant to order take out, this bitch come ask me "table for one?" -____- i look that lonely???
1	some of y'all hoes thighs be so thick and can't even walk + yankee food
1	when bitches i work with are on there period ...
1	i just wanna get filthy rich ; have a nice big house full of bad bitches that i could fuck anytime i want 
1	ihate a nosie bitch '
0	don't trash jersey...odds are..you wouldn't last 10 minutes around here go back to watching barney
1	you are an ignorant cunt.
0	charlie strong took the longhorn logos off his players' helmets: they have to earn it back.  sport
1	aint this a bitch... i just saw my bitch kiss a bitch . you lucky i dont kill yo ass but you can still get pistol whipped - wayne
1	1. pretty close 0 trash ass nigga quote this and i'll guess your body count
1	yes bitch i do realize dat
1	u sent nudes when ina relationship or nah? her pussy bleeding or nah? -_-
1	i'm pretty sure the dmv won't let me take a new pic, but a bitch might accidentally lose my license again where they have to take a new pic
1	right because as far as im concerned i ain't no bitch tf.
0	drawing myself an organic powdered goats milk bath with rose petals and chopped clams eww what just kidding it's mr. bubbl
1	if a woman cares about you she'll get mad over little things. if you can't handle that, you deserve a hoe.
1	i'm organizing a cease fire between bald headed bitches and weave
1	lmfao all bitches is hoes then
1	these hoes swear their faithful
1	knocked that bitch soul out her body lol
1	if somehow u didn't already go i'm down nig
1	can you catch a box hoe ?
1	come her lil bitch i want that sloppy toppy
1	these bitches love wyandanch niggas i tell you , i always see yall o.t bitches out here wit them . but keep frontin for t
1	my bitch pussy multi-purpose, it take this dick and hide my dope
0	how is that not a yellow on ronaldo for full on body bumping the ref?
1	why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart
1	go ahead and mock me, one day i'll sell enough of this make-up to drive the pink mary kay cadillac and we'll see who's gay
1	damnnnn when u unfollow ah bitch after fucking wit dey nigga dat make y'all feel some kind of way????
1	in 5 years these hoes ain't gone be shit but a dick head
1	when you drop all your hoes for the wrong one and you gotta bring em back lmfaooooooo
1	positive thoughts nig nog 
1	fuck wrong w/ these bitches lately?
1	so niggers really believe phelps just smokin on a regular huh? tell me now ; i'll log off for the night
1	lol someone told me i had hoes so i sent them this
0	this is why nothing gets done. morons like coburn trying 2 ad a gun amendment 2 a public works bill. push back on the teabagger morningjoe
1	"all you need in life is bottles, bitches, and life lessons." - sam houston state
1	i stopped snapping on women and calling them bitches.
1	hit me with plans mah nigs
1	scientists have recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, "be trippin"
1	lol tell liv none of her usual redneck hillbilly places an none of ur black gangsta places either
1	yeah...bitch
1	at least after nearly two decades of complete trash they put out atysyc to redeem themselves.
1	back atcha bitch
1	you are a boy you dont say "clutch" fag ass. that's that bitch shit lingo tf.
1	niggah you dont know me lol you dont know my life aha
0	no one has even eaten a twinkie in, like, decades.
0	how much you wanna bet that a anti-government "black helicopter" teabagger was behind the boston marathon explosions? p2 tcot
1	this knicks game is so retarded right now smh
1	*hits blunt* "bruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes, but she's one of my hoes, do i keep texting her ?"
1	his bitch wan fuck me cuz he sneak dissin me 
1	shut the fuck up you cry baby, all you do is bitch and whine about life, shits retarded.
1	i can make a bitch famous
1	yo fuck the pats they are still bitches
1	damn some oreos would be so fucking clutch right now
0	i just saw a man have a actual conversation with his bird haha
1	stfu hoe 
1	better play your part bitch don't be a smart bitch cuz i might have a change of heart
0	tattoos are about expression not meaning. one mans trash is another mans treasure 
1	made it to the world series. ned yost out here fucking everybody bitch on the low.
1	me: goodnight moon moon: goodnight lil bitch
1	lifes a bitch, and then you die thats why we get high, cause you neva know when you're gonna go" my sister is perfect (:
1	 a bitch that don't like you always gone think you ugly. 
1	fucking stupid crackers
1	dayum u gyp, u gone have mfs thinking im wiping my face w/pissy diapers n shyt grrrrrr
1	"i never talk to anybody" *has dinner with family* "i hate everyone" *defends 45 people when i call them cunts*
1	see dis what happens when a colored man move into neighborhood. he ain't been sick fo 10 days
1	wake up in the morning give me head bitch 
0	jihadi work accidents: 13 taliban fighters killed when their ieds detonated prematurely celebrate
1	tell me again how citizen kane is the best movie of all time, then go watch caddyshack. you pretentious film school cunt.
1	greinke you sneaky son of a bitch you
1	you said good bye dumb bitch snd i said ok..what is it with you white devils...i have nothing for you vampire lover of blood
0	except i used to be super tan and now i'm yellow/pale lol...
0	trash?
1	nigga what i was talking bout after school. or when ever your choice bitch
1	ion like bitches that do slick shit , just be straight up nd let me know wassup 
1	ya last nicca couldn't beat it ... i hit it like a free throw
1	if he can't hear that pussy smacking then it ain't wet enough
1	trent richardson so trash
0	word. and it don't make u a hoe it's okay to have sex on first date long as the feeling is mutual
1	just hit it pussy
1	da bitch got scared and couldn't take it no mo but ya boy was feenin fo dat   koula noooooooo
1	social networks will ruin a bitches game.
1	fuck bitches get money mission complete
0	me: downloads flappy bird* sierra: "welp there goes school"
0	dear oreo, what's this i hear about a watermelon flavor? keep your fake fruit flavor out of my crisco sandwiches love
1	stop trying to be down honky
1	just need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down
0	he now resides on the mantle piece.
1	i understand why, everyone loves pussy
0	why does msnbc have a "news" show that is 100% opinion ; right wing talking points? joe the nation is with pbo not u teabaggers morningjoe
1	lola foxx  nubile co-ed shows off her pink pussy while she fondlesherself
1	dont favorite me you faggot
0	; als je over syrie tweet, volg maar, zij komt er vandaan ; zal je precies uitleggen hoe of wat.
1	literally fat hoes hold a nigga down
1	luv n hip hop checks drying up bitches turning to insurance scams
1	pickup line "are you a cat lady? because i love pussy too" "no wait i literally meant i like cats"
1	she a hoe if her bday in september
0	fox news mocks victim of ray rice elevator assault: i think the message is, take the stairs ht
1	mimi was so worried bout stevie j marriage that bitch ain't even realize she made a sex tape with a married man
1	then again... bitches are expensive and i'm on a budget boo. i can't afford all that shit you bitches be wanting.
1	lmao the food ain't gon run from you fat bitch
1	if your man is happy in his next relationship your fucked up ways are a blessing bitch
1	if someone is part of 'james x' then he's a white trash cultist.
1	i rather my girl be clingy than a hoe
1	i'm going thru it my bitch ain't even my bitch she let the whole team hit
1	it's a lot easier to let go of a girl if you find out she's been giving the pussy out like goodie bags at a birthday bash.
1	dave chappelle turned into a beast he wishes someone would tell him "i'm rick james bitch" so he can whoop that ass
0	omer asik so trash on the offensive side of the floor dude real life murky doo doo water
1	feelin like i can have any bitch i want. feelin like all these hoes in this bitch want me.
1	lying bitch
1	both you bitches go to sleep
1	and dis nicca still rapping
1	look here bitch if i wanted to be gramatically correct, i would have
1	dont be a hurt little faggot
1	you lil stupid ass bitch i ain't fucking with you
1	he loves juggling it all around it... he loves the fast life im sure hes already grinded on amcon hoes as well
0	i'm okay with rasor talking trash
0	green/yellow fuel pump&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; dieselstation
1	it's this hoe pics i'm looking at she got her ass out in 20pics then got 5 with her son....these hoes crazy
1	you hoes give me more and more reasons everyday to stay my ass single for another 2 years
1	your girl hold my dick like a wii controller where's your bitch, nigga? we control her
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	started off with a oz end up riding fo' deep pull up to that club like muthaufckin ho you don't know me
0	that's where birds came from.
1	"okay i'm kia and my middle name's faggot." -dylan
1	olivia a bird for believing this shit. scandalabc
1	i hope a bird shits on your face, bitch.
1	this nicca just typed to me..."you are very busy two"  so, i'm busy twice? lmao
1	stfu faggot a clip is 4+ holy fucking tittyy shit
1	ur moms pussy died a slow death so well have good company virgin
1	momma dee ain't loyal. you ain't pose to tell his main bitch bout his side bitches 
1	a girl knows when a bitch likes her boyfriend 
1	wait.. why do niggas get to fw they exe's friend but when girls fw her exes friend she a hoe? lol
0	cheez-its, honey bbq lays, oreos and a monstrous glass of 2% right now. i'm the skinny-fat poster boy.
1	these hoes ain't loyallll
1	flipthesenate on the most corrupt administration ever chicagopolitics in the wh ; harry reid is his bitch.
1	yeah i tend you grab ass and smack bitches in the morning . i don't think you can hang lol
0	congratulations for reinforcing the stereotype for insecure, uneducated, uncivilized, ba
1	paybacks a bitch and bitch you've been livin in debt with me
1	photo: my mains yessssss ladykimora turntup. vegas bitches 
1	every girl goes thru her hoe phase her freshman year in college
1	text your bitch some lyrics from that new ty dolla $ign tape before she wake up so she'll nag you a little less today
1	lads being lads fuck yeah. i love scally lad action. hot trainers too.
0	degenerateartist sniffs whiffy balls involuntary, cuz a fairy walks downtown hairy, climatechange all our scary sense of hillbilly sneeze&gt;
0	charlie xcx is bae
1	bitch i'm on, bitch i'm on my griiind thug luuuuuuv
1	some bitches be praying for the day you leave your nigga...
1	dude last day, fuck it walk out that bitch
1	oomf pussy probably taste like the krabby patty secret formula.
1	hoes love exposing other hoes on twitter
1	one last shot at this love shit then i'm dogging you hoes drakelistener
1	faggot
1	 every bitch n my passenger seat i dun fucked at least one time
1	hahaha i see you niggah 
1	all these bitches fake if you ask me
1	like my twat
1	i ain't neva care what ah bitch had to say bout me
0	it's karaoke night baby hi ho hi ho it's off to sing i go with a voice that sounds like sandpaper hi ho hi ho
1	you had me at, "i hate that bitch too"
1	like if you are going to be a sensitive lil bitch, do not talk to me.
1	"i know my shoes dirty as fuck, whatever, bitch. you don't have to call" like, negro... one of the first things they look at is shoes, dog
1	my sisters bitching that she has school tomorrow , like i don't  fuck up hoe at least you aren't up studying right now
1	well bitch biology said who said 2 females can't make a baby together? that's all me. 
1	"but i need a bad bitch that's hotter than me" might be the realist shit partynextdoor ever said. that's how i be feelin everyday
1	i swear females think they know me.... bitch you don't know my intentions you just think you do
1	help me speed up the process of fucking your bitch..feel me?
1	boats n hoes boats n hoes gotta have me my boats n hoes
1	falling in love is easy. its falling out of love that's a bitch.
1	looking thru my yearbook, i don't think i've done that since my graduation.this book got some hoe ass niggas in it i forgot
1	too many little whiney bitches in america. someone to cry about anything ie: kids must wear bicycle helmets
1	as always eli has the stupid hick hayseed look on his face giants fans kill yaselves it's gonna be a
1	i'm lmao fa real cuz i really saw her throw dat bitch in a circle lol
1	omg he's at it again. he's the most pathetic, spineless, no balls having piece of trash on twitter i've ever seen. let me go throw up, blah.
1	lmaooo hell naw nigga you must was playing school of blind and cripple
1	or fags cause if you post you found him attractive as well niggas who post trannys to see if a nigga thirsts ov
1	i was getting to the business while you was chasing the bitches
1	smellin good, bitches wanna hug me
1	lame bitches always wanna try 2 play a real nigga like a lame bitch das how u get treated n cut loose
1	comcast stop being twat and actually work thanks
1	tbt me being a bad bitch
0	top layer trash.
1	i hate when ppl say hoes aren't loyal. they supposed to be? 
1	why are you the only thick character in the game? why i gotta play a skinny bitch?
1	some of y'all bitches can't even grow this on yo damn head
1	that spear chucker? hell no.
0	debating feminism with a gay professor uninformed girls and low iq rednecks is not my idea of a fun wednesday night
1	i don't get why bitches blame the hoe their man cheated on them with..it was both their fault,their boyfriend could've said "no"
1	i find it hilarious how austin says "swag witch" instead of "swag bitch" lmfao
1	ill call you bitch for short as a last resort and my first resort
1	u ever seen a bitch talk shit about another bitch then u see them hanging together?
1	yea it's very true bitch
1	look bitch .. go and suck a dick i'm a real street nicca i ain't wit dat sucka shit
1	whenever you need your hoe protected on social media or anywhere in the world? please contact and he'll fight for that hoe.
1	you should have to be over 6 foot and 220 lbs to buy a truck. we know most of you get em cause you're scrawny country pussies.
0	reminds me of oreos lmao
1	eat her pussy nd look at her like this 
0	charlie crist refuses to back down from race-based attack on gop
1	these ratchet hoes are something else this school smells like a fucking zoo
1	i don't watch the vs fashion show because i have bigger boobs than all of those pancake bitches lol. 
1	celtic means white trash. if someone says they're celtic, it means they're white trash.
1	humble personality, not a hoe. 21. best non-physical feature the opposite sex can have?
1	this bitch think look like rihanna ? 
1	idk you into mouthy spics on welfare with 6 kids and 3 baby daddy's?
1	"and if you aint a hoe, get up out my traphouseeee"
1	don't eat pussy until she show you the vagfax
1	and you're a vegetarian pussy
1	if u a broke bitch with expensive taste
1	why you sneak dissin you hoe ass nigga
1	bitch fucking fuck brandeis. go o' connor. fuck o' connor. fuck brandeis. just kidding, h-town helotes flexes, bitch.  
0	the birds outside my bedroom window have way too much to talk about for first thing in the morning mrrrrrrr....
0	nowplaying : the doors - the wasp (texas radio and the big beat) on 1069thearrow -
1	oh you mean like how you started to be a cunt to jp about something that has nothing to do with you?
1	finger my throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur face
0	would you rather be a monkey or a gorilla?  neither, they're both hairy but if i had to choose, a monkey. they...
1	i heard rumors of a vile, hideous, traitorous bitch named pelosi parading around w/ illegal aliens while vets get the shaft. bloodboiling
1	i want some popcorn hoes bol
0	i could go for a brownie right now
0	tag a friend that sucks at flappy bird
1	thank you one-a-day for making your vitamins the size of a fucking twinkie. i love giving myself the heimlich maneuver every mo
1	imma tall dread head wit a fat face bitch do better
1	cause bitch i'm tae kinglute
1	you bitch and complain about how bad our vets are being treated yet you are still willing to send them off to war? sick idiot
1	that's white woman pussy
1	clowney is a bitch nigga get his ass off my team
0	why are people saying don't let guys treat you like a yellow starburst? that's my favorite.
1	i come off like a total bitch, but if i like you i will literally do anything for you.
1	freshmanadvice and if you ain't a hoe get up out my traphouseeeeeeee
0	i wake up in the middle of the night and chug the orange juice straight from the bottle. sorry mom.
1	these days bitches be just letting anyone hit raw
1	i need a girl from jamaica i can't fuck with these basic black bitches
1	my dick is called batman because bitches love it when my dark knight rises.
0	drinking folie a deux wine and playing fall out bird hahaha
1	lmfao hoe
0	virtually zero protections for lgbtq persons in alabama. not a lot of acceptance, either. think about queer alabamian kids today?
1	a faggot that needs to grow up
1	got damn man hung tf over like a bitch
1	that's all the action you'll probably get bitch
1	gudnight keep that pussy tight
1	sorry i eat pussy
1	hoes need to stay in hoes place fr
0	i just might buy myself an a-rod jersey newyork yankees mlb
1	superman dat hoe no watch me uuuuuuuuuu
1	don't tell your side bitch your family business that's none of their business.
1	this bitch think i want her i'm in love wit da gwap. 
1	brooo chinese sounds goooood then a hoe rn but my momma making carne con chile so i guess i'm gucci with that 
0	puppets like don will intentionally and forever cripple our people's ability to unify a eco and political consensus
1	a hoe only cares about the now, the future is irrelevant.
1	social media post about rival social media app. i shall never let the word "edited" appear next to my facebook status. double read it bitch.
1	nvm thought we were talking fifa sorry matt you're not trash at zombies
1	' south central niggahs really don't be lovin these hoes , these hoes don't be lovin these niggahs  . we just be...
0	the beautiful fairy pools near glenbrittle on the isle of skye, scotland
1	bruh bitches be wearing heels and club outfits to school and shit 
1	summer time bitch, always wild
0	why they playing trash on espn right now.
1	not protected in the state of utah. there is no fear of queer couples forcing churches to marry them. they do not legally have to do so.
1	i smiled first and then you mugged . so of course ima mugg back. can't bitch out lol
0	call me a free bird
1	i really hope you and cameron don't get back together you can do so much better than that ...  dont call her a hoe
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | latina | latina with tight pussy
1	if you delete tweets over one hour after you tweet them, you are a gigantic pussy
1	my chink ass eyes 
1	fell asleep and woke up to some weird ass staring at me. what? never seen a beaner sleep before?
1	accept your flaws and imperfections because that's what makes you, you see i'm a fuck, small dick faggot with parents who don't love me.
1	asking his kids if they brought an apple for the teacher  he's such a queer
1	never trust a hoe
1	she know my ex bitch she think she got next she fucced a gang of niggas threw that pussy off dec
0	your tweets remind me of the times when we did the oreo milkshake runs 1am in the morning 
1	them hoes ain't thick at all u clowning
1	y'all niccas spark up
1	fed ex some real hoe boys
1	def a whiny bitch a girl who cries is a girl who cares. or a whiny bitch
1	too worried bout bitches ; fashion they go missing in action.
1	he died for a reason i didn't follow you back cuz you fat, bitch. foh large hoe." jesus ain't pleased fam
1	fat hoes always wanna beef with somebody, yall don't need to be around no type of beef
1	i hate you sidelines hoes y'all got so much courage 
1	be a pussy as in cat
1	all i wanted to do was get some hoes too :(
0	third party keyboards on ios 8 trash
1	your bitch playing games? i may be the joystick
1	ms st aint no hoe. they fuckin auburn up
0	could never date someone with yellow teeth
0	woahh ahha i remember her from charlie and the chocolate factory who do you think killed lucy? i think it was abby
1	touchdown hoe ... touchdown hoe
0	i'm not big on the "uncle tom" slur anyway, but can we at least reserve it for those who earn it, not just those who dare to not vote dem?
1	omfg your feet bitch whisper something dirty in my ear 
1	he said bitch boy 
1	why the fuck is this bitch calling me for
0	you're black? your name looks hungarian. you marry a hunky?
1	no in the instrumental i'm not retarded -_-
1	ohhhhh yes bitch yesssu ready t?
1	heard some good news today and all i gotta say is karma is a bitch 
1	yall act like your pussy did something magical because a nigga suddenly didn't pull out. naw, he just didn't pull out,
1	fuck my ex bitch
1	bitch you mentioned me first tf wrong wit yo psychotic ass.
0	meatloaf cream potatoes deer steak and gravy pinto beans and cornbread pear cobbler n bread pudding fhc
1	my lifestyles raw dog, one magnum will put a dickhead in the hole, and that was cumin out of the pussy lips
1	i let all of em go... if u got two hoes u need to let one go
1	ooooo give this one to the hot pocket hoe aamu
1	just don't be offended it's a word, you're just a bitch who's looking for something to bitch about.
0	typical hitchens type atheist and was watching a doc on how hollywood hates god, ready to mock it.
1	fuck you both bitches.
1	bitch follow me
0	since 1914, derek jeters 91 multi-hit games vs are 4th most among behind gehrigs 121, ruths 99 an
1	don't mention a bitch from your past to me. first of all, i don't give a fuck. second of all, i don't care. and third, i 
1	niccas be gassing hoes they never gone pop .. smh ... prolly never gone meet her wastedenergy
1	stfu you dont get any pussy fuck boy
0	twitter is trash
1	it is impossible for females to be players, pimps, etc... they're called hoes
1	she threw that pussy in a circle, i wanted her to throw it in a pentagon tho
0	good morning twitter. make today a positive one. if you can't do that, beat up as many meanie-faces as possible. also, i hate flappy bird.
0	bees won, mets won, and the yankees lost. it's a good day in baseball.
1	yea bitch  how dat shit feel
1	that bitch want my numba, she gotta.fuck my bruda
1	if i respect you, i demand your respect back. if you think you can be a bitch, i can be an even bigger one. bring it
1	my moms a worse bitch than me like ugh i can't stand that hoe.
1	out here sending hoes clean off fse 
1	when bitches u hate won't stop staring at u in the halls
1	using y = mx + b to measure the slope of that ass girl.
1	you sound like a real cunt
1	bitch lol
1	my bestfriend is the biggest bitch i know. that's why we are best friends lol.
1	jackies a retard blondeproblems" at least i can make a grilled cheese
1	shout out to all them bitches who don't own no designer shit and still look better than all yall bitches with everything desi
0	firecashman why?? because i am having to root for the royals in october. yankees
1	eh bitch? how about you worry about your own psychotic ass. looks like you need to "be saved" from being a noisy bitch  cantstanducunt
1	i turned on the bet awards for 10 seconds, and got to witness random bitches getting drunk, and d-wade dancing to r-kelly.
1	musta let dem retards out to food shop. one just step on my boots in da foodtown. y'all know not to step on a niggas shoes
1	ugly gay nigga bitch fucking peace of shit
0	that's true in some ways. gaming is very broad now a days tho. everyone is a gamer with candy crush and angry birds
1	jenny was a hoe til she got aids until she was ready to settle down with forrest gump who tried saving her so many tim
1	when u love her none of them hoes matter..
1	this nigga been all in public with his new young bitch, rubbin it in her face but when she reacts it ww3? she probably ain't even seen drake
1	you can do anything you want in life, just don't be a fucking bitch
1	lesson: nfl is 4 heterosexuals. wat else do we need besides michael sam for us fags to get a clue. breeders have their thing we have ours
1	watching deadly women. this malicious bitch left 50 babies out in the sun so they can bake to death. wtf.
1	i got something for your ass, keep thinking i'm pussy
1	this week's rfn segment is in the can. i discuss idaho being a faggot marriage state just like washington.
1	lol profane words, bwahahahahahah mad gay faggot fuck boi. get at me bitch ass nigga.
1	no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie
1	niggas not stepping up they still tryna get back in the day kinda pussy lol
1	i love all people for who they are but there's this one fag that goes to my school that can catch a ninja star to the face asap
1	i smoke like 20 backwoods a day cop dem bitches by da box woe
1	hey boy this half breed chiricahua apache is on your ass eatmytazer
1	since niggaz is throwing subs on this but that same nigga lame nigga bitches was getting fucked by other
1	you are who you kick it wit y'all. check yo squad- if busters ; blameamotherfucker ass bitches surround u it's twice a
1	so they both was selling pussy and doing dirt together and they fell out so they putting each other on blast even though the
1	a fuck ain't shit to these new age hoes
1	to late niggers died first
1	i'm addicted to ig, twitter just my side bitch
0	some call me the song bird of my generation
1	craig fire that shit up hoe
0	you said you be smoking strong but your wrong you been smoking trash it's not in my lungs if it ain't that pressure.
1	shut yo "new year, new me" lookin ass up bitch. 
1	two horny guys play with a sexy av models trimmed pussy before they fuckher
1	got a bad ass bitch just bouncing on my dick
1	ladies... lmaooo. . if your pussy better than your personality.
1	 yea ion do brussel sprouts .. i barely do cordon bleu but i wanted to try something dif .. i get tired of nigger foods
1	somebody who's that much of a moron and a pussy doesn't belong on the force.
1	where r the fun twins at i'm trying to lick cheeto dust and coleslaw off your nips
1	this niggah was tripping over everybody
1	i want pussy for dinner
1	if her pussy got over 10 body counts, it's dead. pussies only have 9 lives 
1	have fun losing tonight bitch
1	then bitches gon fuck just because money long .
1	fucc u primo aint nobody ask u 2 fav dink lies
0	what got me into baseball :well only a couple more days till all these legends will be retired core4 yankees
1	sam is such a bitch, ronnie got in a fight because of you 
1	nicki said "fuck those skinny bitches"...uh oh
1	its a million bad bitches in this world and you stucc on stupid
1	yo bitch know wat im talkin bout
1	watch ima hit that hoe later on this summer, finna be the best/most livestock party of 2014
1	gotta keep these hoes on point
1	who's pussy better then a crazy bitch?
0	chance is trash
1	nah bama fans ain't finna have a nigger running the offense.
1	thank you mint - happy mothafuggin birthday too, hoe 
1	my bestfriend got jumped by like 6-7 dudes n ur upset u have to pay fines...? -__________- gtfo bitch
0	any favorites off yellow album ?all of it theperfectanswer 
1	about to drunkenly get a free 3d printed bracelet that says "fake ho"
1	bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	even they know you my bitch
1	she be what we say in da hood white trash
1	cowboys fans are cunts? stop the presses
1	alright, amateur grease monkey, show me how its done. wait, that sounds racist...
1	bitches complain about they baby daddies not being shit, but bitch you knew he wasn't shit you didn't have to keep that baby you chose to 
1	there's no one to flirt with, mad bitches in my inbox. skrr skrr
1	i'll always remember feeling like i was no good. like i couldn't do it for you like that whack bitch could.. ; it's all because you lied..
1	i be lonely i have no hoes 
1	shit ain't gon be funny when you need me to get you outta a horrific car crash, bitch.
1	you retarded if you say birdmsn don't go hard.
1	umightnotgetin  fucc nicca beerandtacos wethelastonesleft
0	big bird has spoken  i was weak then i 
1	a nicca anxious to hear that shit my g
1	spics are half breed trash. no filthy native should be allowed to speak to any european.
1	dear ugly hoes: stop playing hard to get, you're already hard to want.
1	no flex zone.... hoe
1	if she got the chipotle plug, cuff that hoe twitterlessalex
0	camels, ostriches and zebras see you at the races vccamelraces
0	should i be worried that a lady behind my building is talking to a crow?
1	bomb your house, then fuck your bitch. all hail al qaeda
1	you need your ass whipped with a whip mr house nigger, remember u will always b a nigger to them
1	bitches talking bout dey bout ta chill out on going out you bitches just saying dat cause its getting cold and u bitches d
1	lol avila... it's simple, but i live in a pretty redneck area.. so it never gets pronounced correctly
1	i hate when people ask who you tryna look good for? bitch myself bye
0	kris, griff is too ghetto to know anything about sperrys or vans
1	that pussy sooo good 
1	i drive illegally retard
1	bring another bitch for a real nigga.
1	nigga gone have to get a room like a bitch
1	furrybah *in my paypay voice* the hoes are for everybody my nigga
1	damn that hoe just came out but look at how many hoes said his shit jamming on my shit
0	dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do.
1	another keyboard commando in real life you hide like a little bitch
0	good morning charlie
1	hate when bitches talk like they rey fuck your brains out then be like "im just filrting" lmao fuck u bitch
1	i don't understand how so many americans can hate on obama for saluting with a latte. nobody tells these swagfags anything abo
1	jen: bitch daquan dropped your kids off today keisha: bitch i don't got kids jen: not no more bitch i swallowed em
1	remember in a relationship.. her friends are not yours..  they'll let her be a hoe...
1	ain't nobody offending u fuckin peckerwoods i despise of a no good white ungrateful honkey
1	and these hoes shallow, shiesty, trifling, but we been knew that.
1	i'm rich, bitch.
1	tyga makes you think about fucking a bunch of bad bitches j.cole makes you motivated drake makes you wanna think abou
1	pretty bitches rep taylor gang" hollah lmfaoo
0	some black people live in an entirely different world where everything is peaches and cream, apparently. take off the rose colored glasses.
1	lmaoo i should've seen that coming fat bitches need love to craig
1	"us english" it's our go learn grammar u dick sucking hoe
0	the spear chuckers are flooding into upton park.
1	if you're being a little scared bitch about the possibility of a louisville purge...just go to ferguson.
1	i hate when girls say "i'm single but my heart is taken" bitch, that nigga don't love you, hoe. move on.
1	bad bitch with an open mouth
1	bad bitches is the only thing that i like 
1	if your main reason for disliking something is because it is popular there is a 100% chance you're a little stupid idiot bitch baby child.
1	gunna have me screaming at bitches and shit..lol
1	my favorite childhood memory was when my mom found my stash of 30 xanax then was slightly less of a bitch for exactly one 
1	niggah niggah niggah don't believe me just wacthh...
1	yeen suckin yeen fuckin watchu doin hoe ?
1	i had 14 fags in the space ae 3 hours? excuse me? confused wheresshitgoing
0	asains had to take the wu tang clan; the draft was suppose to be for half breed like me and fallinginthedraft
0	last thought before bed: in '92 we had a "mock election" in 3rd grade and i voted for perot. maybe i related to his really big ears, idk.
1	jinkies i lost my glasses - velma in every fucking episode of scooby doo like damn bitch get contacts
1	kae ; chris coming for yall bitches as a couple 
1	i do not have bitch tits
1	merry christmas, everyone unless you're a fucking bitch then literally just go.
1	do these bitches really love mosa though mosagang
1	yo homegirl fat and got a mustache, no need to "yass bitch " that
1	dope in the bag pretty bitch on the side
0	trash
1	im still going trick or treating. thats free munchies bitch
1	i got my own legacy bitches, fuck yall legacy
1	but she can shade the shit out a bitch yourwifecantread
1	lol she's always scheming dude. jaime needs to keep his hoe on a leash....or i mean his sister lol.
1	no one knows the words to that song, they only know the sexy saxophone. george michael is a pussy.
1	i'm so sick of u niggers...
1	jammin these sad songs, smoking squares thinking bout bitches...
1	if beyonce ; kim kardashian have no problem sucking their mans dick then you average looking broke bitches shouldn't neither 
1	ugh i fuckin hate when this bitch don't answer my calls ewwwwwww ugh i hate her ass
1	this bitch just blew my high 
1	snip snip hoe
1	unless bitch is a word for awesome they are wrong
0	lol colored contacts played out.
0	*sings careless whisper to broken 7 year old flip flop on the way to the trash
1	stuck up serious bitches are possibly the worst type of girls. ever.
0	there is a trash bag in my hall thats been there for like 2 wks. weird thing: it changes consistency every few days
1	lmfaooo nigga nigga, yo lips look like a charcoal bitch pussy.
1	stop fucking calling these legends trash. cuz the top artists of our generation "take" from the legends.
1	smfh trash..slow as fuck..cant even get a nike release on that
1	everybody in dot mob/o-red/mickey factz when you battled clips he wore some ancient hong kong shit + 2 different colored hi-tops
1	u aint bout it wop
1	aaahhhhh my internet has died, for the whole weekend i'm told, just in time to teach me the true spirit of christmas. fucking cunt.
1	like a bitch pic is flirting nowadays
0	that peppers slant was a genius/crazy call. genius if he catches it. crazy if he drops it, then blow a to, then get sack
1	they ain't een kno i was in that bitch
1	favoriting a bitch pic is flirting nowadays
1	you got all the bitches though.
1	my self esteem has two levels:  i'm a worthless piece of shit who deserves no love  bow down before me bitches i am you
1	from now on, i will call all radical muslims niggers it is very fitting, and it is racist i am racist against anyone who hates america
1	if only you bitches really knew
1	*how girls become friends* omg, i love your shoes *how guys become friends* excuse me sir,i see u fuck bitches. i, ...
1	her shitty booty ass talm about its a prep rally. how bitch how? what y'all preparing for? 
1	i'm a big bitch and 4 is the goat i'm too lazy for 4.
1	after 27 weeks straight of that nigga being you mcm we get it bitch y'all fucking 
1	oregon chokes every year get off the field trash ass program" rft
1	i'm talkin bout superb punching. the ref was on some hoe shit against carlton haywood. dude took a full minute of unanswered
1	i swear, new bitches here me rap and its a wrap
1	bitch probably molly'd the 1st nigga that said good mornin' back to her
0	charlie rangel re-writes history: on gop they think they won the civil war
1	when ya name gain weight ya ex bitches cant let go
1	we take your bitch then recieve head from your mom
0	taakstraf in herkenbaar hesje in je eigen buurt. pleit er al jaren voor. weet hoe bevreesd ik er ooit voor was, da'k er te wer
1	call me ghetto if you want but i'm walking to and from class with my bonnet on my hair.
1	lmao bitches is crazy...after reading the first sentence to yaself jus see how dumb you sound... asidebitchmadethis
1	i called people kikes and a lot of fucks
1	i'm such a bitch sometimes lol
1	i wonder if that latino strategy is goper doubles down on "wetbacks" but backpedals on "shoot on sight"
1	parker cannon is lyrically beautiful. that bitch comes up with the best lyrics for his songs. like fuck, man.
1	high flyers, crr, militia, boner squad, ball sack, weiner fc, anal brownies
1	omg i hate this bitches fucking laugh.. shut the fuck upppp
1	lmfao bitch was i talking to you but i'm talking to you in my bubba voice 
1	say you love that bitch so much i'll kill yo ass in front of her
1	being a stupid bitch apparently.
1	u can just ask him to suck his dick not that hard white trash
1	never seen so many perfect bitches til i made a twitter  but 
1	oomf can get it but i'm chilling till da bitch hit me up
1	i named my penis "the truth" because bitches can't handle it.
1	i tell the 5th bitch to get the 6th bitch to to have the 7th bitch bring more.
1	so tony i think yr a rude little cunt and too too young to even know what real rock and rol
1	rt lemme find out you niggaz letting bitches shit on yo faces  niggas is weirdos
1	can i pay you to stop being a lil bitch? gah damn shut the fuck up
1	text someone "that pussy was so good" ; "sorry, wrong number" and quote this with their response.
1	when i see a girl wit her nigga, i be like bitch bet i can snatch from you but i ain't even gone do it. lol"
0	our "disco" we used for disaster recovery was an awesome brownie points to how well built they are. most extreme conditions
1	i  you bitch
1	"how you doing, crazy bitch?" is hilarious
0	better off banning teabaggers and their anti american supporters
1	this bitch tried to give my dick a hickey
1	eew bitch get out of my carrrr
0	the nfl is very equal this season everybody showed glimpses of being trash
0	up early then a bitch driving to denton omg can i move already
0	enjoying my bed. just perfect for me my teddy bear and monkey it. singlelife bed teddybear
1	i wanna experience that late 30s ; early 40s pussy
1	i dare a bitch to key my truck 
0	i drink unicorn tears... and they say blondes don't age well :) you look like you're 20 :) ho
1	when niggas wanna cheat they start an argument with their girl... "bitch i told you i hate ketchup on my hotdogs, fuck this im out"
1	no sex bitch i only want the neck bitch .
1	punk bitch.
1	call it "insecure" if u want but fuck no my man doesn't need to be friendly or have bitches as "friends" these hoes ain'
1	yea thats what i thought pussy boy u r a fucking thot
1	met this bitch online. call her my "e-bae"
0	"bae" means "before anyone else," i've been here thinking it's a ghetto word for babe/baby.
1	this 103 weather is a bitch
1	now let's get onto you .. you slingy dingy ugly salamander lookin bitch i will not waist my time tweeti
0	i mean most ppl confuse when to use "to" and "too", this nicca used the word "two" when he should've used "to" 
1	' from freshman year to senior year , this really my niggah started being brothers 4 years ago today . it's crazy...
1	you're right.. i be around my nig....
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	why would i fuck a bitch that can't fuck? jus like u hoes don't want want a nigga wit a clit ticckler
1	i just don't get why none of you people talk back to me..i guess you follow me for the s in hopes i follow back but shit. talk to a cracker
1	savage can fuck right off, shirty cunt
1	niggas be on here with these captain obvious ass tweets about how to treat women and these lonely low self esteem hoes be ea
1	this hoe car smell like nigga let off a sweet potato bomb in her shit
1	tanning with my main bitch
1	money, weed n bitches... hanging wit snitches shit it wasn't my intention
0	conan obrien needs to get a life with that $80 million..monkey food maybe.
1	dyke pastors be in the lords house tryna cuff all the pussy bruh bruh
1	teachers always think they slick, bitches be subtweeting you in class and shit.
1	look at this bitch feet, how is she high fashion cuh
1	so a man who is a pussy and a coward overpowered you and easily took what was yours? you are clearly much less than a man, then
0	i'm a sucker for colored eyes 
1	that's not even a real word must have hit a blunt and started making up shit with your nigger ass lol
1	wud up nig i gotta new number 3136139299 text me
1	i'm a dope ass nigga n these bitches od
1	; ion have a bitch. so yeah. what's understood don't need to be explained.
1	you like where the hell is yo bitch meanwhile yo bitch like where the hell is yo clique ayeeeee
1	just to get u mad go on your search bar on here and search up "stupid niggers" ; hop on somebodys head then mention me lol
1	bitch
1	open up her legs and filet mignon that pussy
1	unemployed niggas get the most bitches factdontargue
1	dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips 
0	that'd been a ghetto little meal
1	when i see a pretty girl i be like yassss slay on these hoes 
1	" nice girls bad, make me get naughty. bad yello hoe, real nice body. down south chick, like em real thick"
1	bitch kill yo self
1	i be joked out at half the broads on here that brag about how good they pussy/head game is...
1	saya natsukawa gets her pussy fucked and licked by two hornyjapaneses.
0	boooooooo that was trash
0	yankees lineup vs. red sox: ellsbury cf jeter ss beltran dh soriano lf teixeira 1b mccann c solarte 3b ichiro rf roberts 2b t
1	your pussy not mine  do you 
1	them shootas is out by my grandmoma house, i ain't been round this bitch in a minute
1	i woke up and she was already pregnant, fuck dat bitch 
1	these bitches be judging like they experience life and in the billion dollar club. i'm highly favor ; doing pretty damn well 
1	i gotta curve these hoes before they have a chance to curve me 
1	my boy said this last night. i'll be in the gym bc i refuse to be sloppy like these bad built bitches lol
1	ayo why da hell ain't nobody hip me to these niccas ... betterlatethannever
1	you got niggas ; i got bitches but i want you... 
1	just a little closer bitch
1	teabaggers are extremely dumb...
1	when she wit me got yo bitch open
1	guys at parties be screaming "these hoes ain't loyal" but they drunk ; cheating on they gf with a girl who look like ra
1	nike beanies nikeporn
1	your picture makes you look like a serious fag. justsayin lol
1	lol oh godddddd , bitch is you really coming ; how late you gon be lls
1	twitter has taught me that there are so many bitch made niggas in the world, don't be fooled
1	after watching the desolation of smaug i have come to the conclusion that bilbo made all other hobbits look like bitches in lotr.
1	" bitch get up off me "
1	freeze bitch i'm gonna steal your heart
1	"young n****s act hard and all the bad b*****s grew up to be trash broads"
1	cinco de way ho
1	too many bad bitches last night
1	twitter let you know who every hoe is in every city and country
1	thats what i call it too lol its beyond ghetto smh but man u needa quit playin and come back
1	stupid white people making my posts relevant to they own life stupid cousintoucher honkie whitetrash blonde
1	bitch i was out dea and your ass was sleep
1	the craziest hos for no reason on tv hands down are teirra marie (however ghetto way she spell it) and siah's cute ass girl
1	i swear i care about everything else but these bitches .
1	making every bitch feel important...
1	females be 14 acting 18 . turning up like they 21 . throwing the pussy like they 25 ... but still can't pass alg
1	you're a cunt. screen shot that
1	derrick said if i cover my face and leave just my eyes visible i'll have tons of bitches
1	you're still a pussy
1	where is ... i miss that bitch.
1	tripped balls on.lsd bitch
1	just think if alex won some games that sorry son of a bitch will never "win" us a game
1	no sleep, sleep is for pussies.
1	cause bitch. i rather eat pussy then get mine ate.
1	black bitches turn 60 buy a hat and act like jesus forgot they was fucking niggas in the park loooool
0	california has gangs because california is trash.
0	analyzing the impact of masahiro tanaka on springtraining daily, brought to you by
1	pussy.... i ain't had a coochie since i was 16 
1	any bitch who need a crowd to fight is clearly easily influenced ; weak minded ; most likely will commit suicide 
1	tongue inside her pussy or dont bother eating her
1	meet up so i can molly whoop yo bitch ass
0	once fag." you got pressed to the ground? ..hang up your cleats n never put them back on or think about it
1	drinking coronas.... these bitches are quite tasty. .
1	bro you know i can't not comment on stupid shit like that..bitch instagram a heart attack on a plate
1	1, 2, 3, 4... how many niggers are in my store, i knooooooow your stealing 
1	lmao that the funniest way to disrespect a person by calling him a itty bitty bitch. makes me feel low in life
1	ratchet looking nigger
0	got receipt ink on your soles? no problem.
1	fucking faggot
1	you can buy my fucking life and you've never even broken a sweat stop crying bitch
1	this bitch is nasty
1	bitch where tf you think you going?
1	i just cant stand how people get all fucking amped about it, especially whiny bitches that even get scared at it
1	leave dyke
0	al qaeda's market share is dropping faster than viacom ; enron in the jihadi stock market
1	my bitch better lie to me, more than 5 bodies and i cant stomach it, ill fucking die
1	i really only like like 3 people in this town, everyone else is a faggot me me me
0	have a great day, you lovely fellow apes :)
0	my mama made me some brownies they was everything 
1	ya pussy stank
1	not every girl likes a sweet ass emoji ass nigguh. some girls like a "you sexy af" ass nigguh
0	nbc news projects charlie baker (r) wins massachusetts governor.
1	peter pan that ho never land that ho
1	i was with a bitch with a mustash for a year and a half? wtf is wrong itch me
0	char-broiled cod, yellow rice, sauted spinach and artichoke hearts. made with love for
1	noooo let me tell yall .... some bitches in baltimore be ratchetttttt .
1	fuck a raptor. have fun with that when the tranny fails on you after 70k miles
0	watch-obamas newly released gitmo jihadi has links to terrorists in syria
1	ugh that crazy bitch in the crucible smh
1	g's up, hos down, rush. i mean clearly he likes to party.
1	if a girl a hoe but she aint stealing anyones man then stfu
1	all of these bitches lying
1	sigmas love to eat pussy at their juice party's... - famu
1	this is twitter. not only are you a fag but you're also retarded.
1	who that pussy wet for ?
1	need my dick sucked..fuck 1 bitch i need  sluts
1	mcdonald employees always rolling their eyes when you pay with coins like bitch you broke af too fuck you giving me attitud
1	sometimes u gotta knock a nicca out tho ijs freecb
1	they say numbers dont lie, bitch im not the 1
1	soap. i wish some pussy tho what does your beard smell like?
1	my stomach hurt like a bitch yoo
1	steve mcnair got murdered by his side bitch man life is crazy
0	isn't there a law that all clam chowder must be served im bread bowls? haha
1	if she do then she gone die too i ain't playin dawg bitches gone be ruthless then i will be too 
1	even gtta ak sittn at my bitch house
0	gwen stefani's new single is trash. her, hilary duff, britney and fergie have to give it up and go raise your kids and judg
1	all these hoes trife i can never cuff , i've been hurt before so i can never give a fuck
0	i always soprised dat i has mo while followers den colored
1	my dog like scratches at the floor before he lays down.. he's weird buddy's normal your weird bitch
0	i'm finally finished work. i'm going to have to chug this bottle of wine to catch up to you guys. challenge accepted.
1	bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
1	america today, the rule of thumb is: when in doubt, blame "whitey"
1	has transformed to a bad bitch. she can get the d
1	my mf dawggg  i miss this hoe man
1	my daughter makes me with i wasn't a hoe from age 18-25 u on a roll tonight
1	ruga bussed yo bitch bowbow
1	freeze bitch i'm gonna steal your heart
1	coke and white bitches.
1	i already know you trash if being tatted is on the list of things you want in a nigga..
1	i know that karma too real, so i hope you doing cool.. but still stupid ass bitch, i ain't fuckin' w you.
0	twitter's home button is a birdhouse. when you join you're an egg. the logo is a bird. most people don't realize this.
1	jenna's a faggot
1	stop trolling me u creepy ass cracker
1	niggaz talk more than bitches these days..
0	hello dare momma. i show glad dat u follow me. u lbe screamin hot in dem pitchers. you eva b wit colored men?
1	lmfao go to bed whitey 
1	do you think all the rice fags are at mcdonald's?
1	i swear a nicca sleep but im up .. tired as fuk
1	marcus is in this hoe schleeeeeeeeeeppppppp
1	not all of us my nig i'm light skin with a dark skin mentality lol. we all black
1	lemme find out that bitch nigga talking shit
1	looking like a nappy headed hoe but reppin that patrick ewing crew neck tho
1	typical coon activity
1	beyonc is trash.
1	's love of obama is unrequited, however. obama is clearly putin's bitch.
1	lol that hasn't worked well for black folks in the past. they better bring a few crackers with um.
1	pussy
1	this nigga is a fuckin faggot
1	kissing a girl you you actually really like feels better than fucking a sloppy hoe.
1	i could never date someone who isn't goofy. nobody's tryna date a bland boring ass bitch.
1	whenever i came to school fresh i took hella bathroom breaks just so the hoes could check me out 
1	all my niggaz better have at least 3 ugly bitches number in their phone this summer.
1	lmao cunt
1	you drove me redneck crazy
1	seriously if you're living at someone's place for free the least you could do is help keep it clean ratchet lazy hoe
1	kick down your door and smack that bitch make me wanna ride past ya house and sit.
1	"if i wasnt in a work place id deck you" aye fucking right, i'd give you a tyson 4 combo nd end you with an uppercut. shut the fuck up bitch
1	tryna save a hoe that don't wanna be saved nope nope nope not me
1	nah mimi a bitch
1	but why does my school always have prom on friday the 13th like this isn't some freddy vs jason shit even tho some bitches gonna look it 
0	why did they add your name all ghetto like that? looks like they used label maker, lol
1	sneaky hoes
1	jacob needs to stop being a little bitch and follow me on instagram
1	niggahs need to keep there bitches in check '
1	lmaoooooo eat that goal faggot
0	5 bags of chips, 3 rice krispies, 3 seeds, 3 gummies, a pop tart, some crackers, 3 powerades, and a water yuhhh i'm good lol
1	this bitch really happy she got 60k followers from getting kicked out of a moving car by her abusive bf and almost dyi
1	the last time your pussy was salmon pink was. ....
0	i wonder what charlie brown would have to say about these days.
0	video: charlie baker campaign team denies contacting gov. patrick for meeting
0	brass monkey dat funky monkey
1	lol me next time bitch
0	a portable septic tank. for allllll those pesky feelings.
1	naturally, when a shitty leftist rag talks trash about another shitty leftist rag, you better fall in line. or you're out of the club. crw
1	why is my phone being a fucking bitch
1	dunleavy, my cracker ass honkie
1	if joining the army gets you bitches then to the army i go.
1	i can make a dike say she leavin that lady.. i can make a lady say she leavin that pussy ass nigga that gave her that baby
1	what is up my twitta niccas
1	these hoes always gone thot around to who ever give them attention at the time
1	haha tanaka went yankee. so sorry bums
0	the walking dead is trash people... that is all. 
1	thick raw fuck damn his man pussy is getting a workout.
1	yes iam single i don't mess or talk to anyone .  no hoes just me 
1	no half-breed spic has any right to say anything to any anglo ever, and should be killed for doing so.
1	my whole goal is to fuck someone bitch and cause turmoil in a happy relationship 
1	hey bitches i'll be in ic tonight so dial the digits 
1	i just realised my library books are overdue if anyone's looking for a bad bitch
1	ha ha real name is ha'sean  where y'all get these ghetto ass names from?
1	same shit but your bm tho? ... if my ex wanna go fuck my enemy, may god be with her. ain't my hoe no more."
1	most of these niggas go broke for these hoes
1	lohanthony is such a little bitch he doesnt even like the girls and he gets followed i dedicate my life to them and i ge
1	got good pussy. but ion eat her tho.
1	niggas wearing toms ; uggs , ; bitches wearing jays ; timbs. lol, this aint what usher meant when he said "trading pla
1	i am hurt im.not in it wtf, fuck danielle that bitch
1	its always the singles hoes who claim they aint talking or fucking nobody who mysteriously pop up pregnant
1	so many bitches you gon need to change ya name from jebidiah to bitches.
1	ratchet white trash
1	okay bitch listen up this is important ,,,,,,,, ((ur eyebrows should not be a centimeter apart))
0	you tryin to say ofay?
1	if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen. gratata swag bitch 
0	the early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese
1	you got a toolbox you hoe
1	bout to dub dis bitch
1	longway bitch
1	i'm never playing flappy bird again ever fuck that game 
1	miley cyrus went from a a singer who had her t.v show to a stripper who can't rap,she need a big ass and tiddy and she will be dat bitch
1	i saw the xxx but i just thought she was a hoe
1	i called at least 20 times to make my hair appointment and these bitches don't pick -.- guess i have to stop in to make an appointment grrr
0	philhughes nyy better then ur whole team
1	he has hickeys on him an its like yeah bitches that's mine and he's like not even trying to hide them. makes me feel good about life.
1	yo bitch don't avoid me he wanna spoil me 
0	wasp eggs
1	this shit is like 45 minutes away and it's 1 am so clearly i am in desperate need of some pussy bruh so i pull up to this 
1	making this first day my bitch
0	i'd never send my kids to private school because then they would never experience ghetto public school fights
1	howtogetagirl do not and i repeat do not refer to her as your "bitch"
1	there's like 5 injuries a game in football.. shit trash lol
1	is it full of niggers
1	play pussy and get fucked
1	you tweaking rich homie is trash you damn near still listen to lil b wow 
0	big night at wcvb. martha coakley-charlie baker debate here at 7, bruins-minnesota wild, world series game 6.
1	bitch think she know everything ha.
1	suck it up pussy
1	you seen it hoe put that cash up bitch imma take your money and spit on your fat ass
0	if i were to die and be resurrected as an animal id be a howler monkey
1	if it's trash i'm kickin yo ass
1	he really put "side bitch contract" 
1	so damn sick of that damn lie smfhskinny girls look like iphones when they jeans come off bitch stop lying
1	sucha hoe
1	shit is trash
1	bitch music
1	a judge that was appointed by obama who here doesnt see the agenda fucking crooked bitch
1	i aint mad at you bitches thats what hoes do
1	believe in the heart of the cards bitch.
0	y'all gots betta machinery fo dat. hanger be ghetto
1	dr gero made android 18 to destroy da world das sum bitch nigga shit i would program a girl android to gimme sum neck 24/7
1	happy birthday to this coon ass nigga buckcity
1	soo guys those tweets are bullshit. be you.. and if the bitch "is to stupid what she wants" then she not stupid it's that she doesn't want u
0	kit kat brownies. making.
1	always tryna degrade girls;shit  when really..pussy;ass is almost all yall think about so shuuutt iittt . sometimes
1	can't get no money from me you silly hoe
1	that bitch cut me off. lmfaooooooooooo
1	i just want to fuck bitches and listen to conway twitty.
1	idc about your "story", if petey pablo said your name in freek a leek, you automatically a hoe
1	he's a hoe , i can't"
0	after deztinis session we needed this lmao jk girl good yob lol
0	does anyone know of a good pet sitter in cle/northeast ohio? specifically cats ; birds. thanks clepets neo clevelan
1	i'd hate feeling like a faggot too punk ass hoe
1	lick my pussy and ma crack
1	niggas who stand in line for jays mad at me now. ehh fuck you. i pull hoes nd stunt without em on
1	hispanic women just have the great pussy and wife skills, white girls own the dick sucking and black chicks....ca
1	dat bitch had noo cheeks
1	lmao u ain't a savage  these hoes for everybody
1	i'm up hoe
1	am i the only gay man without a fag hag? i guess i am.
1	bitch get the fuck off my tl what u mean
1	big birds, big peckers.... they always mad cause they only get laid once and that's by their mother.
0	lakers are a purple and yellow garbage can
1	all of a sudden craving the hell out of cookies.
1	can i sit on your face  sit on a hot stove bitch
1	no respect for a bitch she gonna top me regardless
1	i got 2 bitches if them bitches snitching then finger itchin. shot em the kitchen, makem wash the dishes.
0	one mans trash is another mans treasure believe
1	yeah you bad but hoe so what
1	push me on the wall slowly take my panties down and write alphabet with ur tongue on my tight pussy
1	these hoes turn into contortionist just so u can see their ass ; their smile in the same picture. smh it's hard work thir
0	i went to see this is where i leave you, at a movie theater with tables and real food it was fun. i ordered a brownie dessert. :p
1	tweetlikelexi nah we not gonna sit down we gonna walk it out bitch.
1	my alarm clock should be $$$ callin lol wake yo ass up and get this money bitch
1	highland bitchk . them bitches stupid on bloods , i'd fuck with deja thoe 
1	why you worried bout a bitch, weed, clothes,sex, game system, parties,chillin , but no job
1	"riding with my bros still don't trust these hoes"
1	just watched the scene in zero dark thirty where they pop osama's bitch ass u s a
1	same here nigga the minute it dropped i got it. fuck with our team bitch
1	wack bitches make me curve them
1	fuck all you hoes. lol
0	i don't care how pretty you are, if your personality is trash men are going to treat you accordingly.. that's not tru
1	lol you're a cunt liar and i hope you drop dead k :-)
1	lol u mad motherfuckin hoe
1	how ghetto girls start their fights 
1	it does. you and all your hipster friends are ugly as fuck... and yo pussies all stank
1	how many fuckin fags did a even get? shouldnt be allowed into my wallet whilst under the influence haha
1	man i can't stop looking at this hoe twerking on my facebook
1	little stupid as bitch i don't fuck with yoooooouuuu.."
1	they gotta keep the name raiders tho they better not change it to some hillbilly ass texas name
1	i wish it was appropriate to go around slapping bitches when they say stupid shit
1	stacy's mom doesn't have shit going on. twitter bitches have it all.
0	vintage gold and diamond engagement ring / 10k yellow gold unique ring size 4.75 by vintagebaublesnbits via
1	man... i was trying to eat  "nigga you said it was bitches out here, i showed up for nothin"
1	this bitch is rting hella cheese tweets right after i said i was lactose intolerant why you gotta do that to me? ;c
1	do it pussy
0	i'm the biggest redskins dam right now if they get this stop
0	1) no i'm not crossed eyed, i'm albino. can't control that
1	food &gt; pussy but pussy = food so food  pussy.
1	if you take your girl back after she cheats on you, you're a little bitch.
1	when you hear a hoe talk shit
1	i don't be fucking with nobody , cause most of these bitches got fake in they blood . and niggas
1	and how is that what i'm suppose to go for the team who beat us, that's retarded
1	if you kill all cops and cracker babies, what next?????? black states, white states, and latino states? isn't that moving backwards?
1	can't stand a "i don't know what i want" ass nigga " bitch*
1	all dem colored boys be sayin i dare baby daddy. i gots to protect my semen under da lock and key. and i wrap 2x
1	if this nigga kanye took kim k to wendy's, this means y'all regular hoes don't deserve them $200 dates
1	haha yuhh that hoe was funny
1	 hoes on gish road be lookin like.. talkin bout "5 dolla sucky sucky"
1	not that it matters but im proud of ur little ass im n old southern bitch. hang n there baby
1	karma is a bitch
1	bslfe in this bitch pullup 40st and washington space a-80
1	its a problem, bitch ya better follow me.... i give ya this dick you then won the lottery.....
1	the older i get the less i give a fuck  , beef  ? bitch please  loosing friends? bitch bye  drama ? ill pass 
0	dominoes, moonlit lake, velvet underground, honey whiskey = white trash heaven. i accept your ridicule...but just tonight.
1	but a nigga gon be a nigga, be a nigga." you sound fuckin retarded
1	can't get no pussy to kirk franklin idc how long it's been for ya
1	cancer is a hoe y'all pray for the people who have it.
1	haha still a little bitch though 
0	yea ho
1	i hate twitter. just a bunch of sexy bitches i can't have
0	charlie: "my last two songs will be quasi-religious songs for the sake of who's coming up next."
1	if you got a problem with me bring it up with me before i tense up on yo bitch ass . -.-
1	what u don't do another hoe will
0	let the dem concern-trolling commence in earnest wagons ho
1	i'll be a bitch when i have to be a bitch :) fandomapology 5sosfamand1dfandomfollowparty preach
1	fake eyelashes are okay if they look natural, but some of you bitches look like you gonna take flight if you blink too fa
1	press start bitch 
0	and now every time me and my friend talk, no matter the subject, her nips haunt us. it's as if one nip was introducing itself to the other.
1	fucking pussy
1	ew queer white thirsty bitch
1	oh, yeah, the hpv shot swells like a bitch. put some ice on it for a bit if you want, it'll go down eventually.
1	i'm a twat
1	if ya chick always getting into it wit other bitches u gotta tell her that shit aint fly, and its costly
1	all them "model" hoes follow a nigga..."blow up"...an then hit the infamous imma only follow 25 people wave...
1	you talkinfgalot of shit but you cant back dem words up tho bitch ass nigga u not talking about fighting
1	it's my main bitches 21st ayyyeeee happy birthday babbbyyy
1	lmfaoooo yooo i lost my elevator pass  now i can't even share it ...bitch wants me to go get another one even tho she knows me
1	my taste in music goes from love song to "pop that pussy bitch" in like .5 seconds.
1	i wish i could mute rice krispies, but instead them bitches "snap crackling ; popping..ain't that some shit.
1	i was gonna hold my tongue until i could get into another team but i couldn't do it anymore they're fuckin retarded.
0	confused. are lefties using the bridgeghazi hashtag to mock the bridge situation as frivolous, or seriously equating the t
0	i remember the va tech band called us planet of the apes. i was ready to flip
1	some hoes look better without they avi enlarged...
1	niggas cant stand me cuz they bitches be feelin a nigga . get mad at yo so called "girl"
0	you may be redneck if you put steak seasoning on popcorn
1	we don't pop out bitch we slide
1	nower days the defenition of a bad bitch is how good her pussy is ?
1	bitch dats yo sahara desert ass
1	these hoes ain't loyal...
0	lol. have fun  i haven't been to a race since hs (charlotte). crazy redneck times. lol.
1	tired of these hoes breathing my air.
1	they're working on a bill to prevent retards from voting. who knew retards could vote? things are starting to make sense now.
1	the person below didn't get a big booty hoe.
1	y'all niggas ain't low tho. y'all really be comin at these bitches on here then when they curve u, u act like u was playing
1	na a hoe cry to yu swear she ain't fuckn off n still have a side nigga
1	thanks for ignoring me faggots. i'm locked outside
1	that bitch amanda ran away from me 
1	smh queer
1	what would y'all lil ugly bald headed bitches do if they stop making make-up ; weave?"
1	if i can eat some random bitches ass i can eat iggy's ass.. randomthought randomthot shitiwouldneverdo
1	if u bad niggas a really play nice to get to the pussy then... that ass gone 
1	ultimate bitch mixtape is done words from lil b - lil b
1	imma knock the pussy out like fight night
0	i have never actually seen a yellow duck.
1	; these bitches bound to get hurt cause a lot of these niggas be playing
1	i beat the pussy up- yg
1	hi :) yeah, trolls are annoying but don't concern yourself with them. they're all twats ; have no life lol. just ignore them. x
1	none of my business ? nigga if you get that i'm living with you lol and i'm stealing one of them bitches and 100k 
1	that's the kind of bitch i hate fucking with
1	lost my erection and found it in your girlfriends pussy
1	man i gotta hang out with snoop lion aka nemo hoes
1	bitches eat mad beef,drink henny and do the shmoney dance that's why they pussy always stink
1	...i fuckin' want out&gt; i'm tired of this bullshit faggot ass, closet racist, wannabe-commune-without-railroad state&gt; cali
1	bitch i'm starving
1	cause you're a sexy bitch
1	happy birthday i love you faggot
1	son of a bitch. i hope i don't get the e- bola before i can ride my harley at sturgis.
0	i openly admit to being the level of white trash that will drive across town to the gas station with free hot dogs ; half price drinks.
0	chicago will not refund $7.7 million made from red light tickets issued after yellow lights were shortened
1	lucky bitch still in ecuador
1	 naw bruh member when you said that it was your snow -.- and your bitches  that's my cake 
1	imma cool as bitch so if a bitch don't like me it's a personal problem .
1	if you dont see the connection between legitimizing the queer lifestyle, and an increase in std's and sexual deviancy- yo ...
1	dat ghetto shit aint attractive
1	follow me bitch lol u too good to follow back ha ha
1	kamehamehaaaaaaa bitch.
1	you bitches can't relate to me. so stop.
1	sick bitch
1	when my girl don't text me back i just tweet. i don't text other bitches bc i don't want her texting other niggas when i d
1	granted cracker isn't that bad because when you say that to a white person your saying their one of the slave
1	cam newton is such a little girl like grow up and quit actin like a bitch
1	lmfaoooooooooo trash ass falcants lmfaooooooooooo ya stink
1	easy congo fuckin faggot all though i eat my lunch on the road frequently
1	i love asking really hot, skinny bitches when they're due.
1	 wow, she let quite a few niggas beat. equal opportunity pussy
0	haha..monkey feet,i like it..but 4 real,feet are magical on a back..it smoothes every nook and cranny of tightness ;}
1	my stroke game stale so i gotta eat the pussy like a husky dike.
1	ain't like i have anything to do bitch boy lol.
0	text me instead of playing flappy birds soiknowitsreal
0	askim5 would you rather drink squirrel pee or johnny depp's wig in charlie and the chocolate factory?
1	what's up with all these bitches in bed clothes...? walking the streets like that shit is cute.
0	fairy tale does not deny the existence of sorrow and failure...
1	nigga fuck up. ain't none of that shit goin down with yo niggas you niggas think you feeling , bitch? my niggas  you
1	i'm jus tryn figure out when all dem niccas was together like dat
0	nerf the hell out of birds, they no longer attack you at long range, lower damage, dont follow you forever.
1	on my way to fuck ur bitch
1	nah we still up. all the flat booty bitches asleep yet or nah?
1	just don't be looking for no dick later cuz i'm not a hoe.
0	i'll let u clam on top and let dat nookie pop i'm in dat cookie jar i ain't no rookie girllll
1	it's too early, don't annoy me don't come back from ya fun filled weekend and give me attitude hoe
1	rock out with your cock out jam out with your clam out
1	the bitch loudly cheering for the netherlands at rosa mexicano does not seem to value her life
1	bitch don't run to the neighbor he's dead too
1	will your bitches do this for you ?
1	seen it all before , bitch got a man but she scheming on the low 
1	i'm sick of dudes posting videos of them singing on vine. do that shit in the shower or something fags
1	so i figure out why i've been a bitch lately.
1	can't mean something to someone when they hittin up otha bitches
1	hypocritical little bitch
1	it ain nun to cut dat bitch awf - verizon
1	after a fight in the club in new orleans them bitches start jumping
1	until next time rednecks  i'll see you again  rednecks with paychecks
0	yankee homeruns make me all tingly.
1	you hoes ain't loyal 
1	you/ brought it up first with the allusion that she's a hoe.
1	your room bitch tell me somethin dirty 
1	wtf you bitches seen this without me
1	switcheroo on yo main hoe hell naw me and my nigggas don't save hoes
1	 why fab snapped like that  "konnnichiwa bitch"
1	it's 2:20 and me and bruno still up in this bitch lol
1	you ain't nothin but a piece of cheese with out the corners in other words you ain't never gone be a slice bitch 
1	my eye don got lazy reading and looking at u bitches flawged and lie all day
1	did you smile like a retard when you were a kid? it took me till like 5th grade before i learned how to naturally smile
1	fake ass people. that's why i don't have no respect for em. frontin ass bitches too
1	"uhm bitch the fuck its wednesday and we are suppose to wear black u can't sit with us"
1	these judges gon try ; hoe floyd if he don't show out this last round
1	them jigaboos aka homewreckers needs to get blocked
1	bitch who do u love
1	but who is me to talk  about the next bitch flexing  when i done don it before 
1	so tired of yall hoes giving a shout out to yall moma talking bout she ain't raise no hoe 
1	this mexican bitch almost just hit me with her car and she sped over the speed bump just so she could do it omfg
1	the clips hang down to the dick.. that's a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy, guarantee to get you bitches from by me
1	pillow talkin to your hoe hatin on a nigga you might lose ya chick like that
1	; these bitches bound to get hurt, cause a lotta these niggas be playinhell yeah
1	i'm gonna start my own web md site and the only three diagnosis are- quit being a pussy lay off the drugs call 911
1	enough with the mind fuck and pass me the fucking nachos, cunt.
1	if you hatin you just need some pussy...
1	wanna make a boss happy?  bitch talk nasty. 
1	she get a bunch of money, spend it all on drugs, mobbin with her bitches, never fall in love 
0	....yeah....i don't think its about injuns. i think redskins is about politics and alcoholism in washingtondc .....
0	happy birthday cotton picker lol
1	"nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit"
1	man this bitch smells like cheap lip stick
1	i cant fuc wit no bitch thats addicted to drugz
0	the jigg is up
0	how much coke did charlie sheen do?.. enough to kill two and a half men i guess
1	if my tweets offend you: 1. stop being a sensitive pussy 2. fuck your feelings
1	geekylesbianscientists: theblairbetch: douglasrichardsonships: kayla-bird: okay but consider this though:...
1	why you stressin bout a bitch .
1	shout out to babes love that bitch. 
1	me: mom can you make me a sandwhich *doesnt hear* *whispers to myself* "deaf bitch" mom: what the fuck did you just sa
1	new york niggas quick to take off on a bitch in public boy lol
1	if you don't vote you don't have a right to complain. that being said, i didn't vote for the son of a bitch
0	sitting on my window sill, window open, bird tries to fly in. smacked it. protecttheanimals"
1	when bitches spread rumors about you ; 
0	really? are my nudes trash?
1	man like doing hella things  i gotta take my hat off to that nig
1	' y'all hoes get turned on for no reason  be like " owieee he got tats , he bang , wifi with no password  my...
1	bobby stole the black from gabby. pedro: but she kept all the ghetto. lifemade
1	girls say bs like "you got too many hoes". stop letting twitter and ig fool you. i don't know these fucki
0	askdrmann is having no amici briefs filed on your behalf kind of like charlie brown never, ever getting any valentin
1	you're tweeting at the cringiest people in darth here. and dana is our bitch lmao, she follows our r
0	how long are they going to let the fools in ferguson continue? stop pussy footin' ; disperse them by whatever means necessary
1	9, 10 now you're having my twins. 7, 8 get that pussy ate you 
1	facts  ... idc iont have no bitches so i'm good lol
1	10 under in miami is a keepernot hard to find them hoes just like to brain wrestle
1	11 get to hit any bitch on campus he wants to
1	you have my word we will beat those fucking faggots pls
1	this is so stupid  how you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
1	the most beautiful women be havin' the most retarded captions on their pics sh*t be extra dumb...
1	got your bitch with me right now.
1	you can bet valerie jarret has her hands all over this "humanitarian crisis". i didn't vote for that commie bitch.
1	if hank jr. was half the man his daddy was, he'd bitch-slap brantly gilbert for having his name in his mouth.
1	i got 7 a's ; a b on my progress report ; i still be touchin bands  bitch get like me 
1	wait bitch..keep it simple never basic
1	which one of these names is more offensive kike, wop, kraut, wetback jigaboo, towelhead, gook, or redskin.
1	kick dem fucc niccas out da spot
1	i'm glad to see that broads are still into the "faggot" look when it comes to picking dudes.
1	lmfaooo, like is this bitch alanah serious ?
0	one of my classmates offered my teacher and brownie and someone said "you trying to earn brownie points" 
1	call da po po hoe.
1	karma is a bitch and usually comes around and goes around right? or do some people just always catch the lucky breaks?
1	higher den a bitch
1	why is there a pussy screaming on my tl ?
1	"these hoe ain't loyal" - a nigga who cheated on his girl 7 times and just broke up with him.
1	when you find out your bae is a hoe
1	the weeknd is why bitches love dark skin fellas now.
0	yankees
1	bitches have me like..
1	label me a hoe
1	crusty hoe
1	i have to hide these bitches or my sister gets them and eats all of them 
1	trash eating trash
1	lol youre retarded 
1	nino brown? oh das me nino brown on yall hoes.
1	you're an ugly fucking bitch, get off your high horse
1	don't be mad cause yo bitch choosin and i put her ass in the jacuzzi splash
1	truth is you're about as smelly as a barn bitch.
0	it always looks so nice i was gonna buy this yellow one
1	i got some bitch ass coworkers. i stay late every day last week i don't complain about them mfs. they stay late they send emails that i left
1	only fags say "swag" shits mad retarded.
1	kill'lees hoes when i feel like it
1	she is a bitch this mess is all bo's fault all of it
1	some random ass bitch who showed up and just left an hour later
1	i never had any friends the entire time i lived in virginia. no one was cool to me. i hope those white trash southerners all die.
0	tuna is good the rest trash cans of spam most struggle food has to be any meat in a can, tuna included
1	"when guys say "latinas &gt;" they mean the kim kardashian looking girls not you bitches that shaped like a mini fridge ; smell like tortillas"
1	please tell those fuming cops that they are a bunch of coward little bitches, and should not be allowed near weapons. thanks.
1	idgaf what anyone say. gambling is stupid. like if you constantly bitch about not having money why tf would you go to a casino?
1	not my fault yo bitch wanna flip me
1	awww meat meat in his feelins"i ainn n my feelings bitch
1	with pick up lines like you have...i bet you get so much pussy, the numbers are in the negative.
1	getting hit off a cunt thats about 6 foot sideways and a cunt that was in the army lol, i dini care, yous are fuckin laughable
1	we don't love these hoes
1	i'll get so much pussy.
0	stupid teacher talks to like he's retarded
1	double tap and imma be honest hoe honest hoe 
0	this dumb berk drives in circles through town on his bright yellow cycle with music blaring incredibly
1	my ex told me once she wanted me to get her a gift that would take her breath away so i got that bitch a treadmill
0	if you're gonna trash talk my piercings don't say it in front of my best friends 
1	"i don't send nudes" -- a bitch wit trash nudes
1	so the flash pops is the dawson pops. i think he mighta actually killed the mom. cuz gail was a lying, cheating bitch.
1	if you like after romeo chances are i think you're a faggot.
1	bitches who smoke cigs are disgusting cuh
1	oh well, you lil stupid ass bitch i don't fuck with youuuuuu idfwu is a bitter ass song and only fuck niggas like it.
1	every time my mom calls me it's to bitch at me about something lol
1	bol that called the girl a bitchoharrd coo i'm both of them tho 
0	hear the birds on the summer breeze, i drive fast
0	can't find my bc powder .. i'll just chug this children's advil
1	i hate when a bitch says she dont care if her nigga broke and he got nothing going for himself.. acting like a fake ri
0	i can't wait for the day they take them be a boon for the entire nation
1	i go for the most direct flight, then by price. over and done with layovers. flying is a bitch enough.
1	these girls eyebrows make them look like 2$ hoes walking down fib
1	sydneys my favorite she's a nigger but i love her
1	my birthday hath already passed with little to no fanfare. so. enjoy your day and be blessed bitch.
1	bitch nigga 
1	puig had zero lines and yet he's still going to fuck your bitch after that appearance
1	yall so fuckin trash yo  man them niggas gonna win the skins trash
1	that fat bitch that's always on the phone just walked in 
1	peyton manning is a goon fuck eli's pussy ass
1	talkin bout the retard your sittin on
1	slap a hoe
1	i have small pussy size plugs
1	why give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9 
1	fucking creepy ass nigguh lmao
1	kobe to dwight: "you a soft muthafucka, and you a bitch ass nigga" lmaooo
1	gross, ill stick with my galaxy, it will still receive those nips
1	"oh ya these hoes think they cute in skin tight cat suits assuming that they bodies to boomin to dispute"
1	same bitch that was down with lol theses lil hoes funny
1	goat nitty had bitches rubbin his beard and stomach at the same time in jollies.. legendary
1	this hoe got a gf but complain about life like is she hitting you right ?
1	these hoes be flawgen i swear bruh, a nigga dont want yall
1	------&gt;rt ankle socks in general are for the faggots bro
1	today's spy ops : ( sexy smooth soles. they would feel good on shaft and balls. love the grass stains on the other )
0	there is this yellow thing in the sky. i don't know what to make of it.
0	early bird gets the worm
1	i hate when hoes tweet about "hoes"...? okay, that aint hypocritical
1	pretty weird that flight attendants are instructed to say welcome to the oc, bitch. as you exit the plane.
1	this bitch sounds like she's gettin raped by other.cats lmfaoo the.fuckkkk closing the window, whore cats
1	*hits blunt* if cats are afraid of water, why does pussy get wet?'
1	bitch been on there for ah mintue cdfuuuu
1	these bitches really love soda out here
1	gay girls really do get more pussy than niggas 
0	i'm going to dress up as trash for halloween. oh wait, i look like that everyday.
1	cuz pussy's only pussy man i get it when i need it
1	some people are so constantly pessimistic. it's so unattractive. like if you have that much to bitch about why don't you start changing??
1	same bitches they be all in my face bout how they couldn't do it , be the same bitches all on his dick 
1	jus tired to tell a nicca young thug was gah yesterday nicca ain't believe me 
0	kobe as they shoot a piece of paper into the trash
1	every good story starts off with "so this bitch..." lol
0	i love watching birds migrate. wish i understood why it's such a peaceful sight.
1	fuck that cock sucker hulk hogan put him in camel clutch fuck his ass make him humble bitch
1	fucking with these hoes nigga don't be no dumby
1	"call me keyshawn johnson cause im catchin erry hoe"
0	only americans are degenerate enough to 'honor' their war dead by having a barbecue. anyone who 'grills out' for memorial day is trash.
1	how many fingers does a bitch gotta break so mother fuckers will stop taking my god damn lighters
1	i really wish i owned a rocket launcher to use on every retard driving in front of me today roadrage
1	how's this bitch wearing high heals right now
1	bitch stop lien
1	is such a retard biden calls himself white boy in meeting with black pastors
0	jones and ibaez are out of gas after giving it their all earlier in the first half. the call-ups should get more playing time yankees mlb
1	keep talking i'm going to make when u can't talk, u going to be talking like a retard
1	bruh some of yall bitches lucky and do not realize it tisk tisk
1	omg the two monkey twins had never to call another girl ugly. they got thicker mustaches then me 
1	people who grow their own vegetables are nothing but common peasant trash.
1	sloppy ignorance in all my pockets come here lil bitch i want sloppy toppy 
1	laughin at all y'all bitches sullystyle
1	i feel like a swag fag w this shirt lmao
1	guys not supposed to get their ass sucked queer
1	lol bitch funny, i was over you from the min i tossed your ass to the curb 
1	shut up pussy
1	that one drunk white bitch that always instigate problems involving at least one.black dude then crys afterwards when someone gets hurt
1	this nigga jerry room smell like bad pussy
1	bitch you got too many teeth in your mouth
1	y'all females love y'all a bum nigga or a jail bird..
1	this art shit lives forever bitch keep the change
1	dudes shaving without it being for an athletic purpose is gay af you're retarded.
1	on god niggaa be tryna say aids been out longer and shit like no bitch ebola been out here 
0	dej loaf is trash. pure trash.
1	when i bitch fuck my hologram doe
1	every time i'm posted up using my phone a macy's employee wanna scare me  bitches
1	obama a bitch.
1	it aint bundles soooo nopeit is bitch she happy hosting
1	some hoe shit
0	derek jeter gets it done j.j. hardy commits error on slow grounder, and 2 runs score. yankees take 4-2 lead in 7th innin
1	i can guarantee that 9 out of 10 of y'all's bitches follow me.
1	i'm not a bitch. take it back.
1	i can't handle when people give me an attitude, i dead them so quick. like why do you have to be a nasty bitch
1	hoes pick me like dandelions pickme
1	fuck ur god until dat faggot strikes me down
1	when things don't go my way i'm a total bitch.
1	 you tried to bit my bottom lip off like it was a snack bitch
1	lol that was a cyber bitch slap for sure
0	people, this picture far and wide, if for no other reason than it makes teabaggers with poor spelling really angry
1	"i'm sorry i fucked yo bitch... but she really dig a nigga"
1	sun follow me you 4' bitch you can't do shit so stfu faggot
0	so cute :) shy bunny...
1	im tough, ambitious and i know exactly what i want. if that makes me a bitch, then okay.
1	lil riri sittin pretty while u bitches layin petty
1	i could never mess around with someone else's man, like that's just clarifying your self as a side hoe.
1	i gotta big head yah bitch i think it's crown sized
1	the gullible ones do. so people go to college with intentions of being a hoe? k.
1	in the 2-6 bitch we prolly hit the same bitch, in the 2-6 bitch we gone bang the same shit, in the 2-6 bitch we prollu hit
1	ha.. yous a lonely hoe
1	when you're stupid, you don't know it. life is so easy. have you ever seen a depressed retard? i envy that.
1	bad bitches hate broke niggaz.
0	fake pics get off my tl, u r dismissed muzzie.
1	pass the fosters faggot
1	i look better on your bitch than her outfit on my floor myboy
1	sick of your coon antics accuracy henny &gt; water 
1	ignore sorry i called you a bitch uncalled for
1	don't ignore me faggots ;c
1	u better sit yo ass in that bitch til 330
1	jammin these sad songs, smoking squares thinking bout bitches..." lmfao
1	no yu can't get no money yu silly hoe...
1	webbie to retarded
0	i done been to the top, i done sipped the juice/ and with that being said, bird crumbs will never do
1	"wow you are a bitch" yes that's already been established, anything else you have to say?
0	never seen purple bird poop until today lol
1	back in this bitch again....
0	praying today's m;g pictures don't come out yellow 
0	2 adult human skulls found in trash
1	lol my bad, i forgot that hoe made ya sad
1	haha alright well you gotta get here and see this bitch haha you'll scare the shit outta him i already have
1	shoutout to brooklyn and this $3.47/gal gas. on my way to atlantic to mess with ghetto girls working at target now.
1	stupid cunts
1	basic bitch starter pack
0	congressional hopeful richard tisei stops in at baker's swampscott rally. but still no charlie. wcvb
1	yall are so confused these days. somebody put that hoe in a dress
1	using words such as dick and pussy in regular convo is just too vulgar for me.
1	so just chill hoe
1	trey songz can sing but cant actually right a good song. trey songz is only relevant because of thirsty black bitches
1	the white girls u should holla at but nooooo brothas go for the ugliest bad built hoes ever
1	i got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to propose. had some i had to immediately
1	we don't love these hoes "
1	dear grumpy bitch at gibsons, no one wants to hear about your personal life.
1	i was bout to smack a bitch.
1	i should've thrown a whole roll of pennies and made her month that bitch.
1	nigger hair??? comin from this bitch who had a dread on the back of she forgot from century's ago
1	i fuckedd your bitch than gave her a snack pack
1	do you ever look zayn and be like "he cunt be reel" emabiggestfans1d
1	mayweather is a pussy hes only winning cus he picks his fight and he picks the nobody fighters . fightpacquiao
1	i hate when bitter bitches try to take away someone's happiness.
1	right in the pussy
1	shoot that nigga an his shorty bitch .
1	if u zoom in you can see his hairy nipples
1	all it takes is one female to change that nigga, but it takes 100 niggas to change that hoe
1	this bitch needs to be ray rice'd
1	i see you subtweeting me hoe.
0	that would be your yankees earl....we all know they should win all 162
1	go to sleep niggah lol
1	i woke up in a bed full of bitches that i ain't eeeen fuckin
1	anacortes bucks got racks like a black bitch, dwammm
1	this is for the bitches who played me... what up hoe?
1	i beg to differ on that lip bittin shit. dis bitch bit my lip nd tried to suck my blood. aint shit sexy about that
0	i miss nyc nashville needs a pro al team. the closest is kc or tampa. that's pretty bad. the south is nl.
1	lmao they know who the kitty master is don't hate bitch
1	i would commit the rest of my gay life to being a complete 100% submissive bottom if i could be zac efron's bitch. noshame gayboyproblems
1	i know nigs
1	ion want the pussy if it come wit hairs
1	you hoes ain't got no real friends cause the shit i be seeing boyyyyyyyy my friends ah burry me 6 ft under oml if i'm ever slipping
1	oomf a hoe hopper  
1	say what ya want but if i'm single and i have the opportunity to have a dick in my ass and pussy at the same time, i'ma take it.
1	when you drop all your hoes for one person and y'all don't end up together
1	maybe you should eat makeup so you can be pretty on the inside also bitch.
1	big titty bitch lmao fuck it good party
1	okay, let's fight you ginger faggot
0	the john cantlie video issued by al furqan media is a new level of the jihadi propaganda: promises more episodes ; wages ideological warfare
1	lasted year i cuffed that bitch , well now its over
1	when u start realizing that bae is a hoe
1	thats when you say "this bitch aint got no job" mlrt
1	she just want her pussy ate, she ain't gon text u back afterwards who wants to hang out
1	like damn bitch yeah ...its me
1	jk i'd fuck a dog before i fuck you fish pussy
1	bro once i'm there next year i'll make you look like straight trash so enjoy it the little time you have left
1	having one of those days where a pimp wants to unfollow every bitch in a 30 mile radius on ig that won't let me beat
1	mother b is such a bitch
1	it's a recession on everything chasing pussy is never attractive
0	i been to mushroom mountain once or twice but who's countin' but nothin compares to these blue ; yellow purple pills
1	that hoe can't cook
1	fuck you faggot
1	we all went through so much shit together . i miss them bitches
1	oh, see cher? see what your particular brand vitriol creates? a boy who thinks it's ok to call a woman a cunt. libtard
1	if you open a cold beer and it becomes warm before you finish it, you're a bitch.
1	especially since rick and andrea are banging each other in the comics but the bitch died already
1	i had to hug the block. you bitches just wave at it
1	bout time bitch
1	tell me this nigga ain't purple then a bitch nigga not black
0	the shirt trash  and i'm leaving your room a mess 
0	an ad for the haitian charity "water is life" mocks people who use firstworldproblems hashtag through juxtaposition. ...
0	if you buy tickets for transformers 3d they just lock you in an aluminum trash can and toss you from an overpass into rus
1	all i ever asked for was patience, patience ; pussy but mostly patience..
0	i can hear the birds chirpin
1	fuck you bitches who send dudes to child support court just because you're petty
0	did you make an animal cracker taco
1	my bad bro dem hoes heat tho 
1	yeah your eyebrows on point, but is ya pussy clean?
1	levar burton called shatner a bitch lol.
1	i got my mind on my money, all i needs a bad bitch so i can ride round the city and spend this cash with
1	my nephew keeps tryna kiss me and i'm like bitch you got zero followers, dismiss yourself.
1	ain't shit like fucking another nigga bitch and askin her "who pussy is this" and she say yours lmao no bitch im stealing this pussy lol
1	when a bitch that once curved me now all up on my dick
1	lol sam said "betty boop" is a hoe 
1	in case you forgot hoe i been up since 4:18 on the dot made 100,000 dollars at work and still haven't slept.
1	its obvious the bitch is still immature and havent let go of the past yet. just face it. you fucked up a good thing
1	you ain't 6 feet under its not over pussy
1	yess bitch cuts, colors, and curls ha self.
0	if you're not directly descended from european royalty and upper nobility, then you're not fully human. you're just common gutter trash.
1	i hate a "i'm my own wcw " ass bitch 
1	some pussy be so wet you gotta think about other things not to cum fast.... like "damn i really failed the 6th grade"
1	ready for another tat doeeee . by me right hoe
0	flappy birds extreme now you can play two birds at once hardcore easier with two people lol f
1	occupyslu "ima fuck me a white bitch, slap her and choke her" this is what is being said now livestream interview w/ fe
1	wish i had a bae " you got all the hoes tho
1	you mean the niggaz i shot? ill give you 100k if u let any nigga smell your pussy and it don't smell like shit. 
1	unpredictable is an excuse for retarded
1	trash him for name calling? read your shit to me bitch that's all you got
1	this isn't some privilege to be thrown around all willy-nilly. you've gotta earn the right to call me a bitch.
1	them hoes don't like me 
1	if i'm sharing my nigga with every other bitch why tf do i want him. he ain't no longer special. the heck.
1	you say i'm a bitch? i say i'm a woman with a strong personality that doesn't play well with others
1	a captain save a hoe just jumped in the convo to save these hoes lls
1	t talked sooooo much shit today that he would mop the floor with kyle and i. we both ended up raping his time. bitch
1	donkey son of a bitch mother fucker
1	before i run from a niggah i'll lose the fight
1	i probably wouldnt mind school as much if we didnt have to deal with bitch ass teachers". retweet
1	shine on them hoes, let em know you run shit
1	bitch. what i like pussy go away u doing to much talking too much, i talk with my fist and u can get and yo dad little fuc
1	like bitch that aint even attractive smh
1	how many times you hoes look at my picture a day 
1	 bitch no more on my account
1	you you can't get no money silly hoe
1	ion know why this bitch insists on telling me where she be going now. idgaf about chu bitch like damn.
1	got up to get food, dropped a fruitsnack and my dog went ape shit and woke the whole house up.
1	slap a taco in tht hoe face 
1	ill fire that nina like its her first day on the job an the bitch over slept
0	people who chose the country over the city are miserable trash. they deserve neither respect nor consideration. they are less than scum.
1	slide in that hoe dm's like 
0	iraq gov troops were handed a severe defeat by isis at saqlawiya -- there's chatter of over 300 soldiers lost ; jihadis raving about it
1	real shiit my niggah 
1	' my charger got my fucked up  finna wrap the cord tf around my phone this bitch finna charge today cuhz  .
1	i love flirting with money don't no other bitch get my time or my eye
1	niggas swear they don't trust these hoes but be fucking raw smh
1	500 years of racism and they think nigger hurts my feelings lol. white people are funny.
1	if you feel gotta party every weekend for entertainment, ima just assume you embrace partaking in hoe-like activities
1	" that bitch wanna ignore my text? wait till she get off work " caption this
1	"here she go being a hoe again"-dog
1	my brothers asshat friends think it's okay to vandalize our property because he's a racist wana be redneck.
1	hoesaintloyal" well they're hoes,no one expects them to be loyal
1	people ask me y i never speak up bout the subtweets n lil shit people say ...baby tbh ion give a dam bout none of that no nigga or bitch oml
0	charlie crist doesn't have any more political parties to join, but he could become a spokesman for a fan company.
1	i'm going to punch a bitch if my cleats don't come in
1	this could be my last breath i'ma take my time, cause i'ma go out the same way i came in right by the pussy with nothin' on my mind
0	i dont think he did the celestial dragon killed him
0	what's that bright yellow thing the ref just showed to martins indi? i can't remember seeing one of those before clubmetro
1	i turn into a bitch real quick.
1	just wanna put food in bitches pussy and take cool pictures. don't get why bitches don't like food in their pussies.
1	im a bitch when im hungry
1	so i see no ones participating in the twitter purge pussies ihopeitssuposetobetonight
1	i switched up. you fukin with my old bitch. i'm fukin with yo new bitch 
1	 i'm not close to being your dude, master chan that's right bitch, bow down to your master 
1	i'll be a dick if you wanna act like a pussy.
1	surprising how big of a pussy hulk is. bravschi
0	so i bought condoms for my party at rite aid and the lady gave me a dirty look, just now i came back and bought trash bags imagineherface
1	fucking queer
1	oh i see. part of a giant govt take over eh. stockboy you are a joke of a representative. dumb teabagger
1	chantel isn't a side hoe bc apparently she's lesbian. im done with life. all these months hating her for no reason.
1	rt'in your own shit now pussy what a joke you'd end up just like all the rest no show chicken shit mother fucker
1	girls "go talk to your other hoes" game too strong
0	anybody want to take me to pollo?
1	nigger mad
1	on god yall hoes better get off my twitter
0	let this white boy be ghetto
1	bitch wtf r u talking about and why tf r u still talking shit but not doing no action no thank for proving my point pussy boy
1	bitches be sounding damnear retarded on tbh videos  nbs
1	shut ur faggot ass up you thirsty pussy
0	posted a new song: ""guala""
1	i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one, she's all 99 of em i need a michane gun
1	these niggas must be deaf. when's the last time you heard a roots song on the radio? quest don't get bitches
0	if nbc has elected you to be a spokesman for nbc they are in a lot of trouble. i and friends will no longer watch nbc trash 1
1	lmao he lyin sis his bitch told me if any light bulb in the whole wide world light up today i ca fuck
1	this bitch is stupid. -.-; anti feminist: via dumbass blndsundoll4mj
1	smfh boy you sound just like them hoes idk why everybody be hating on the puerto rican princess
1	ewh bitch you look like an inbred.
1	bitches will tell you, it's all about the angles  watching my bitch take 25 selfies just to get that right 1.
1	i'm on my fuck that bitch shit
0	sav you are so nicee love you too twat :)
1	when you tweet som'n just for laughs ; a bitch wanna spoil the fun by getting serious.. 
1	goodnight pretty bitches n real niggas fuck da rest
1	i'm seeing more ; more niggers migrating further up liberty rd... smh
0	she was telling me about this kid who's soles of his shoes are falling off. i am going to get him some shoes. hope his parents don't get mad
1	you had to throw in the faggot word smh smh smh
1	every time i try to quit smoking, some dumb bitch always gotta be fucking annoying and try my patience lmfao
0	homeowner shoots armed suspect who attacked and pistol whipped him
1	this bitch is awesome  this
0	the are playing the tonight. in other words, i am not friends with
1	hahah its funny how all the little dumb hoes want to follow you nigga just to be all up in your ass like bitch the fuck you kreepen fo?
1	guys say bros before hoes. i say food before dudes.
1	bruh i'm ready to get this four wheeler that bitch is fast asf
0	when other girls wear beanies they look cute ; stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who sel
1	lmao wallah you're nasty bitch
1	these niggas retarded... lmfaoo
1	fucking told all of you bitches.
0	nike dc is trash.
1	bow down bitches, bow down bitchess
1	12 was like "blocked bitch" don't start they are blocking us in ferguson
1	 - ugh bitch i love you ; that a s s  your just simply flawless  i remember when you cute a peice of your hair hella short 
1	whens homecoming ho? slut the 17th
1	lol , be cool son. you know your grandma bald mouthshe got all her teeth hoe 
1	bitch spoil me
1	that hoe ask what time it is it's 10:17
1	we live ina generation where we praise these hoes.
1	r u still talking smh bitch idgaf what u is stfu talking to u just going around circles
1	all my old hoes gone love my video
1	answer my snapchat faggot butthurt
1	oh you mean noah zimmerman's cute ass . i mean he should, he talks to his hoes all day everyday . ; his girl courtney  sooo
1	" cant you see these hoes wont change "
1	broke pussy boy deion's record.
1	tupac could fuck any bitch in the world in 1996 and niggas on here crying about a pic he took for bitches
1	just got into with some chic in rally's parking lot bitch speeding through the parking lot and almost hit my niece 
1	he a bitch you should do it
0	"brownies for my brownie" i love this movie. 
1	where the bad bitches? huh? where ya hiding? *kanye voice*
1	self low down black bitch?
1	ugly bitches get no love
1	happy birthday queer
1	its crazy hoe we all ken folks im talking all my friends is my family
0	proud to be a redneck patriot :)
1	"for every bad bitch there is a nigga tired of fucking her"
1	charlie horses suck ass ouch
0	dat is one ugly animal but da monkey is adorable.
1	dey selling liquor drinks in dis bitch too 
1	yo bitch ass needs to boss the fuck up.
1	don't get a mf attitude bitch. i'm not about to justify shit.
1	there's 13 people in my house and they're all yelling pls god give me the strength not to beat a bitch.
1	chicago niggas tell bitches anything when they tryna do dat mfa..
0	drita is that nicca lmao
0	they come to you out of the blue. they make others see red and green with envy. they aren't always black or white. you're not yellow luckily
0	i took it harder when rivera retired. i'm not a yankee fan but i have a lot of love and respect for em. especially the core 4
1	fucking with a bad bitch you gone need some money lil homie
1	wow u hoe is the term for women
0	hes behind the plate for the game tonight here in az. im looking to buy a red;yellow balkamania shirt i can tear off there.
1	sit the fuck down bitch stfu yall act like it doesnt get cold in denver.
1	lmao yesterday ? them hoes was cute af lol
1	girl you eating more pussy then me girl you should have been a nigga
1	this bitch at work gone make me slap her head off her fuckin neck
1	ankles hood bitches with long weave is the worst thing ever weave that be touching their ashy ankles 
0	copy my tweet again you ginzo
1	that's not catfish stinking up my tl it's sore pussy, my bad.
1	dwight could've had me instead of that ugly young hoe
1	kike your a soft nigga 
1	pussy boi
1	i'm old school i'll smack a bitch
0	bruhhhhh, i want some oreos and milk. 
1	marijuana turn good pussy great..
1	white bitches love cocaine
1	og old faced hunnids with a young hoe
1	pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga with 
1	let's not forget kim don't fight i kill hoes 
1	i didnt go to school here arizona full of ugly hoes all my crushes ended up ugly after high school damn shame
0	there's someone riding around the robinson walmart in a lawn mower. with ghetto headlights added. reallife
1	bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	all that x rays, no wonder the bitch got two heads ahsfreakshow
1	i hate tht hoe i make it so hard just to talk, dont i? i get off topic, dont i?? i get it poppin, dont i? i'll end up stoppin, wont i?
1	what's this chinks email? i'm moving to china and slicing his throat
0	operation ask redhead resolve, charlie brown. rejectedpeanutsspecials
1	thats a goddamn terrible joke you gbe lookin bitch
1	bitch im too mad im finna throw this bitch outside
1	bitches be crazy.
1	well you're a first class bitch. so go on with your bitch life, bitch
0	viola, auntie...you can't call white trash women white trash like this during primetime htgawm
1	lmaoo i think i want this bitch ya me tiene cansada but thanks wait hold up ... who u fighting 
1	what jealous hoe made this?
0	as a woman you shouldn't complain about cleaning up your house. ; as a man you should always take the trash out...
1	that bitch filthy
1	i love when the pussy smacking an it sound like u mixing spaghetti
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | anal | blonde tranny ass fucked
1	bitches.
1	i'm really not a complete bitch, just socially handicapped 
1	california is full of white trash
0	i wear beanies all winter long so no bandanas till summer
0	thw white iron band plays this weekend in fargo,nd at the aquarium(21+) ,friday(10-29-10) with charlie parr. the next night,saturday...
1	funniest yt comment i ever received was "niggers gonna nig *shrugs*" .. lmao racist muthafucka caught me off guard
1	' being in love stressful ma niggah .
1	why is that most of the niggas/bitches i use to fw like to sub me ? 
1	i just read prolly 11 tweets from 11 different girls about how their looong relationship ended today.. daaaamn.. "yo hoe will get slayed"
1	wtf is ur tumblr bitch
1	but atleast they let me know...ur a faggot if u keep those type of twitter secrets
1	like ion care how that bitch susie from work broke up with her man and she was tellin me the whole story blah blah blah
1	 when you and your boys discover a hoe
1	' you gottttta be a mad a madddd niggah  sayin ma name ? i must've got you madddddd niggah 
1	seriously.. after that first conversation on your status he fb messaged me calling me a fag lololol
0	charlie rangel: some republicans 'believe that slavery isn't over' | truth revolt: bam, race card vote democrats out
0	john kerry caught appearing to mock israels pinpoint operation in gaza - israel gaza
0	*searches my yellow pages app for the nearest jack in the box*
0	portlandia putabirdonit the xbox one would be so much cooler if they put a bird on it
1	why do y'all niggas entertain that nicole bitch? i don't see how y'all can ever take a bitch that posted naked pics serious
1	yesss it's that one ooze this nigguh 
1	never leave your trust in a bitch,
1	ionn got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i like
1	old lady went to pay and reached all the way over my plate. hate eating on bar countertops. stupid white bitch.
1	this bitch bad... firebird shit ain't even drop yet
0	my nicca swear he can see me in madden lol
0	oreo ice cream sandwiches
1	byee iverrishaa  ghetto ass name
1	haha "if any of you bitches even think about attacking me in the elevator...."
1	funnie watching my nig interview on espn
1	eat it with milk "she gotta shape up her pussy lips tho whole wheat organic pussy 
1	all i kno is make them hoes cone joints
1	shit bitch nigga shit
1	grow a pair pussy
0	yankees win, 6-5, on a walkoff single by derek jeter farewellcaptain
1	u famous niggas ruined the game by jacking up the price on the pussy. - michael paul budden.
1	behind that twinkle in your eyes i can see the bitch in you 
1	same people bitchin about jetpacks and shit in aw are counting down the days until it comes out buncha fags.
1	alibaba / jack ma: gotta love a guy who beat meg whitman's albino ass back to the us. freakin' commie genius.
0	, i'm viswa moulie. i wanna be ur friend.. please, shall i ?
1	we can't trust these hoes fam
1	swag bitch im serious
1	love having subs cause when my mom starts being a fucking bitch i just crank up the system. simple solutions
1	you have no sense of humor so back off their backs ur a lil bitch and im 10
1	whyihateinstagram it can make a bitch cheat up to four points on the scale of 1 to 10
1	was in kimball gym today boy if they had the carter; kimball it that hoe it would've been stupid
1	now unfollowing lol my pussy been turned off lately.. i won't be fucking no time soon. forever dry
1	haha i'll shoot you and that bitch i guess my gun is bi
1	ol dirty foot ass bitches.." this was too funny to me.
1	the world will be a better place when bitches like her dies lonely
1	cuff her crazy boy you might not ever find another especial not these dirty crew fucking party hoes out here 
1	about to smack some peckerwoods in a judge pit
1	bitches
1	sucking dick ; eating pussy is apart of sex. if you think it's nasty then maybe your ass is too young to be fucking in the
1	bitch for who, gap? i'm a model yall bitches can't tell me nothin"
1	niggas expect you to pull this out when they ask "where the hoes at"
1	from my experience these bitches ain't shit my pass all bad on 4nem
1	maybe all these fake bitches will pretend to be real for halloween
1	"my pussy tastes like pumpkin spice latte." -- lana del basic
1	strapped up fasho cause iont trust no hoe
1	 a lotta fck niggas on this here twitter. really be talking like bitches.
1	but s he got a pussy now which makes him a her. and she's bad. so..
1	tweakin hoe
1	shut your nigger ass, lamar
1	lrg ass nigguh
1	niggas gossip like hoes man i ain't wid that shit
0	charlie wearing the 'don't tread on me' flag pin? every dem should show up in congress in 2015 wearing that
1	late upload bitches
1	if by marrying her to avoid paying child support is a win then yeah lolwe don't see the hoes the same ; that's ok
1	omg i will kill you for liking that pic i swear bitch
1	you didn't even catch it pussy
1	that bitch.
1	ik he felt like a bad bitch. take it down a notch dex
1	walking down the st and this girl with a guy past me and the girl says i'm bout to turn dyke for her ctfuu classic
1	when ur teacher tells u that u have homework this bitch need to go
0	this is a long yellow for a bunch of track sweeping. not a ton have taken opportunities to pit. indycar goprograndprix
0	not ya grandma brownies, wink wink
1	never have kids by a fan bitch if so cop signedtothestreets2 lol
1	i lied the fair isn't the only place reno girls dress up like cowgirl sluts nitc hash tag bitches
1	' idk why niggah give a female head then throw a condom on lmaooo niggah you already ate the whole std 
1	i love them stripper bitches
1	"this weekends going to be fabulous" naa man, you're seeing nae cunt. if you do they'll be koed in 2 seconds flat. hate u. fuckgm
1	"new flame" the song of the yr lol that bitch super run like
1	all bitches is crazy.
0	apolonia gardner of imperial, ca misspells "phalarope" - a bird that resembles a sandpiper. the dreaded schwa spellingbee
1	idk but i think niggas that like getting head are gay  bitch what
1	them bitches are good lmao
1	my main bitch
0	these peanut butter brownies bout to give me life too 
0	bruh trent took the yellow path
1	and i'm definitely top 3 at makin beats in the city but y'all niggers love your trap beats so y'all probably won't admit that
1	text me queer bait
0	i'm 81 and i still eat animal crackers emabiggestfans1d
1	never gas hoes but i do take they ass home
1	wake up like fuck my life, life's a bitch but she better fuck me right
1	i'm boutta merk a nigguh
0	well you got to see pom-pom pete
1	i wouldn't trust a male cheerleader all cuz . cimarron got one  ; he got allll the bitches
0	i just accidentally ate a pot brownie. i guess there goes my pledge of being drug free for life . lolz . lmao college
1	aye bitch
1	i need a bad bitch thats gon treat me good
1	"bitch freak my shit"
1	okay and melo bitch ?
1	im so fucking done with i fucking hate you guys and your insurance policy is trash and omg square the fuck up
1	the fourth hokage was a little bitch like, nigga can't even take down a bitch ass fox
1	liberty and justice for all go get me a sandwich nigger or i'll kill you
0	just purchased my first trenta iced coffee....this is a slippery slope
1	scott told me at work today he wants to come over to get me drunk and then seduce my girlfriend... i'll kill you bitch 
1	mmm where the fuck is that at honkey? u need to wake up and realize its 2013 and get off of the skin
1	she stole my shit, what a little niglet.
1	get your weak ass juco highlights off twitter hoe
1	gonna make a chicken sandwich, put half a bottle of tapatio on that bitch, and figure some shit out
1	jameis winston is a nigger
1	these hoes out of control
0	i hate stereotypes. preconceived notions that black men are athletes or criminals.. black women are ghetto and confined to t
1	lebron a bitch.....drake performed with a torn acl at the mtv awards....
1	you bitches you aint shit, i swear you think you poppin cause you instagram famous
1	he killed that hoe though
1	and trying to maintain this color is gonna be a fuckin bitch like i washed my hair once and it already started going blonde again idk idk
1	miss you lil bitch
1	or feet  yea i got big hands lol i'm a big bitch 5'10 lol i'm not gon have small hands 
0	sweet treat at lunch today - raspberry gelato, gin+juice sorbet ; brownie gelato gelatocart thursday - can't wait ...
1	all these bitches getting mommy money niggas too.
1	yung berg did a bitch move 
1	i know where i would be tonight if i was in atl mansionelan i can bet that bitch gone be lit tonight 
1	gotta missed call from yoooo bitch
1	lmao lebron's expression says it all this nigga is a fuckin faggot
0	lol ike turner
1	what doesn't kill you makes you a bitch.
1	got this bitch at work mad with me bc her ex bitch on my dick 
1	dudes is calling bitches out left and right today mybabyisallgrownup 
1	well damn girl you a bad bitch now
1	the first day of school lost student: say bro you know whe... me: cho bitch ass up.
1	annoying bitch that i love judyann's so pretty
1	wen he ho dwn da road
1	place pussy on stache let pussy take ride
1	but naawww though, y'all hoes is fu don't fucking play w/me.
1	in some pussy?? nah work is the best place to be in this weather.
1	profesional sports are only enjoyed by white trash.
1	why do people use the eggplant emoji in reference to a dick? if your dick is purple with a green top, see a doctor bruh.
1	y'all hoes avoid schemes
1	fuck a bitch flip a brick
1	work be having a bitch enervated and shit.
1	my cousin bio on her instagram "light skin, dark skin, brown skin bitches holla at me" she funny as hell
1	niggas ain't shit but hoes with dicks
1	i gotta team of hoes like pat summit..
1	y'all can have skylar diggins. looks like a tranny to me
1	niggas get pussy in the friend zone
1	a lot of i fucked up call me back this bitch is tripping .. lol
0	sitting on the deck, enjoying a stoneipa, watching/smelling the neighbors burn trash. missouri
1	light skin bitches cheat on their man, dark skin bitches squirt bike chain oil, latinas will cut your dick off, ; white gir
1	"those ratchet broads don't represent me but your white ass can't talk trash about them 'cause you on racist shit" black
1	i'm not even shy stfu" kikis mom: hi angelique angelique: smiles *dips cracker in soup*
0	far as i can tell coon tracks on the cab door window - tractor was parked by some trees away from home
1	bitch you know you won't this 
1	boats and hoes
0	good job tonight you need to eat some crackers so,you'll stop throwing up
0	walk off hr
1	from that point should saw how i treated that bitch fucked her now lose my number i ain't answering shit
1	forgiato fest in dallas this year fuck yeah bitch
1	my music taste goes from ghetto black girl to depressed white girl.
1	these people are fags.
1	i don't be on the hoes but these hoes on my snapchat
1	i've eaten six packs of hello kitty fruit snacks today because i can bitch i'm an adult.
0	you're all just crows on the power lines.
1	i like chillin' with yo bitch i like fuckin' her
1	if the pussy not fartin u not fuccin right cuh
1	why not animal crackers. i want animal crackers shaped like master chiefs and trolls and gun's and shit, thatd rule.
0	some of y'all bios are trash. mine pretty good
1	fuck are you talkin about?? its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no
1	lol this faggot hid from the moon boss we i was helping him
1	so i keep cool but in the back of my mind i'm like did des hoes just come on my mf porch like ik dem
1	where my scene hoes at?
1	i almost ran this fine red bitch over." damn + lol
1	pussy like girls , zaaaammnn is my pussy gay 
0	i wonders why dare ain't no colored folk up dare?
1	eating pussy is fun
1	mutha fuckahs better bring me all the brownies ever
1	bitch wtf"
1	'every bitch got a fat ass or she $3,000 from it' rns
1	just cause you be on every party seen dont mean you bad bitch
1	with his bitch ass , buut thaats bae kinda lol (:
1	esp when bitches are after my leftover always hyping niggas. i made him pick another ugly nigga to put on top.
1	i would love to not be hit with the jig for once in my fucking life
1	my hobbies include being a sarcastic bitch and thats it
0	you look like a monkey
1	his boyfriend gonna be like "you ain't make a team? i'm straight fag. ....... the rams really cut michael sam. wow."
1	i was gunna eat the pussy but i'm on a diet
0	bwahaaaa i just choked on an oreo cookie i'm figuring, this may have something to do with it
0	flappy birds cheat codes
0	dumpster gahbage chicks that smoke are trash. no in between. no debate.
1	quote this with a funny caption niggas gotta hit their side bitch with this in th
1	remember going out to actually freak a bitch? yeah that vibe is back.
1	"how do you know my twitter password" bitch please
0	how could you say such a thing woman? you have two functioning chest tables to hold your peanut butter and crackers
0	whoever made these brownies and cookies belongs in heaven
0	rawr "my" sexy french scally. i love him frenchscally sexy scally woof woof
0	9 of 15 bcs titles, $314 mil in revenue. it's great being in a redneck conference. and not in ohio.
1	y these niggas on this hoe shit
0	their salsa negro is awesome...
0	derek jeter clap clap clapclapclap yankees
1	wtf for real now all these stupid bitches are cutting over some kid smoking pot? i can guarantee over half of them smoke pot themselves smh
1	this side hoe main chick talk is disgusting. get a life man
1	hey you acting like a saint on twitter.. we think you're fucking weird you prude bitch.
1	don't look at me like i've got a banana in my hand, you fucking monkey.
1	also is search of dirty white trash hookers for the weekends
0	when yo phone go off in class ; the teacher say "turn that trash off" but it's one of the songs on yo mixtape
1	don't be that frontin' ass bitch.
1	westbrook you ball hogging bitch pass it to your fuckin teammates if you want to win
1	soetoro/obama is moving the country forward w/ his vision. his vision is to downsize our 'oppressive' country and get even w/ whitey. war
1	why lie tho we gon' find you bitches
1	i may be a bitch, but least i keep it real.
1	sheet i can't do that too a cripple
1	hell yea save money like a hoe
1	all my exes are bitches
1	i need a ride or die bitch
1	i love money fuc a bitch i won't stress myself
1	i swear to god i be in the middle of the club making out wit bitches like i'm tryna film a romantic comedy or somethin
1	i wanted to see that but i like trash sometimes lol
1	if ya friends always trynna get you to break-up wit ya nigga or do thot shit wit them...them bitches really ain't ya friends
0	at work but wish i was floating in my 15 ft., on sale at walmart, redneck pool that my husband probably hasn't cleaned since last weekend.
0	nowplaying : ian hunter - once bitten twice shy on 1069thearrow -
1	this bitch got zero kills and yet got a legendary enngram? what the absolute fuck?
0	she paid $5 to hold the monkey and look what he did  this monkey real af
1	i'm dumb then a hoe haha i already lost that thing ya gave me today 
1	shut the fuck up hoe ass bitch fuck squirtin ass cunt hoe
1	fuck you bitch, if i said it was, it was
1	we don't want no skinny bitches get out we want big booty bitches
1	if my friends don't wanna hangout my automatic response is to call them a bitch. whoops.
1	dj khaled a fool . 500k for a ring for nikki? that bitch spends a good million on her ugly ass wigs 
1	u lame then a bitch get the fuck with that gay shit
1	you're unattractive $10,000 dinner dates with yo man bitch. pow
1	this nigga showed me that sad ass dog my girl pit would look at that hoe and say nigga gone
1	you already know they go to fed for me ah bitch be ready to walk out the door 
0	lol my credit ain't no where near good , but i know the right man for the job .. that ho nice though
1	your getting blocked faggot
1	gum drop looking bitch commenting on peoples looks
1	poor 5sos has annoying ass cunts as fans. they don't care about you at all you know.
1	bitch i ain't arguing with you .. fuk on you said some slick shit n i addressed it .. simple
1	haha 1. i would go for the s 2. those fag colors are reserved for
1	lol father has bitches pouring arizona tea on themselves in this one video
1	 damn it  once or twice is cool but damn bitch
1	nah that shit gets me heated. i have the smartest mouth and know what i'm doing and get called a retard. i'm done playing games
0	first "tbt" best and drunkest yankees game ever wherescolman everclear
0	janet jackson's nip slip iconic
1	don't be a little bitch or i'll do this to you:)
1	are you justin beiber? because your a fucken gay cunt
1	kills me when bitches have a different real life mcm every damn monday lmao. whoraisedyou 
1	bad bitches every where
1	audio: happy valentines day bitches. now play this while you get laid.
1	lmao i hate that hoe already 
1	being single isn't an excuse to be a hoe."
1	team john in this bitch 
1	hey you're a nigger racismisaliveandwellbro , learn from other blacks in the league on how to conduct yourself
1	rollin coal bitches ready to blow ready set go
1	this bitch quit after an hour of working here wtf 
1	you local ass bitch
0	being a good citizen picking up trash (:
1	i am taking you serious.... kik me back nigger
1	ungrateful shit lol is sending for me in a uber the new way of tryna pay for pussy ? cuz lol, pls don't.
1	only ounces and up niggah
1	all my bitches bigger than me they where sizes 9-11 so i can't fit they shit i'd looked dumb af
1	qtna how y'all bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings? "
1	no but if you dare i'll slay your ass. you fruity quaffing tranny.
1	all that weave turning you bitches into horses
1	all the money n the pussy i want, i need that there
1	love getting nudes from my bitches 
1	you can be whatever you want since you aren't a lying ass bitch ass childish ass mother fucker
0	in the "nothing lasts forever" category, i can barely recognize any yankees tonight.
1	a nicca is hungry as fuk
1	catch me on the episode of vampire diaries tomorrow night. i bitch slap
1	only white trash and morons are offended by the redskins team name. liberalism
0	the republican lt governor of missouri says he's sorry he called law anglo-american law. racist pig that he is...
1	pitch, chip and slide ur dick in tight clam 22 love it mywife
1	hey you bitch, you should get the on your show. they'd be perfect for it i'm kidding about the bitch part.
1	you little fag. at least i will fuck a woman to have kids. plus work to support them. hipster homo
1	gasoline 12. what did the last pussy you had taste like?
1	hitting women is wrong morally but bitches get raped, kidknapped.beat up, an sold to be sex slaves, when they gonna end that?
1	rutgers terminated mike rice's contract by repeatedly calling it a cunt while hurling balls at it until it finally kill ...
1	hahaha dumb bitch
1	do this nigga think he mick foley ?
1	no pillz jus weed kill dat pussy all night, damn right show u right
1	lebron your still a bitch you suck nigger hope you die
1	bitches will be bitches.
1	real shit. now if the bitch want some grapes or something, thats different.
1	none of us went to these prestigious establishments so we're clearly not as superior as these fucking retards...
1	really thou im looking like hulk hogan in this bitch
0	wtf i'mma do about my legs charlie murphy...
1	don't watch me watch tv hoe
1	my wifi stronger then half y'all hoes relationships lol
1	i honesty think the internet is just full of retards.
1	lmao. let's hangout this weekend hoe
1	ugly bitches always trynna take pics from the same angle  guess it's they best side
1	fight that shit say you're on free lunch and they must have the game fucked up cause you're colored like the rest of them
1	stop nuttin in these hoes
1	hell no cause brad still walked away like " yeah i fucked that niggas bitch " 
1	y'all bitches be popping babies out like it's a sportstop what lol
1	spit da same game to hoes like da same clothes money bring power so we like a bankroll
0	oreo ice cream cake  
1	no just a niggress that thinks she's human.
1	bitch i might b
1	nah bitch apples apples apples but bitch nawl cuz oranges oranges oranges bitch. you dumb as fuck.
1	shut up bitch it ainn complete witout money melle n it
1	that was a bitch move i pulled...probably the most heartless thing i did
1	love one of you bucket headed hoes noway.
0	i realized it's the one on link's awakening too, so you killed two birds with one stone. unless you're getting the wind fish too.
0	he wasn't training gook boy doe
1	if byron leftwich fucks as hard as he throws then he kills bitches
1	only ugly girls can fight. pretty bitches have no hands lol
1	pussy" love it
0	why adonnis look like he bout to sell the most ghetto used cars of 2014 ?
0	a shockingly true tale from the oreo that almost got devoured.
1	i wasn't born last night, i know these hoes ain't right
1	let them hoes be greatrt y'all bitches be really reaching for the side-titty look
1	wussup bitchcooling hoe
1	i could never have a bby by a lil dick thts y i got a abortion by the last bitch"- oh my god
1	when niggas want bitches like trey 
1	what's good bitch (:
0	it would be pretty cool if i got to see 1 more time before i go back to hillbilly town
1	can someone treat me to some grub? i'm broke bitch over here.
1	yal some faggots yup nigga you n you fuckin fruit cups.
1	bitch u got me fuckked up go suck lil action whamm like u always do on thursdays and fridays didn't think ik did u
1	bitch you ain't getting none tho  i like big butts so i can grab them
1	this was my chit shake that monkey beeotch
1	if i ever saw kendall jones in person, id kill her on sight. i hate that bitch more than anything in life.
1	haha i dont remember following you but ok? get your pannies out of of bunch cunt
1	if you ate my pussy, don't ever try to disrespect me . fck nigga i fed you 
1	i be waiting for a bitch to sneak diss , i'm idc 
0	"this recipe calls for a leftover brownie. what the hell is a leftover brownie? that's just a brownie you haven't eaten
1	how she gets all the bitches
1	nipple piercings are suppose to be a girls personal secret. but y'all hoes get them just to take a selfie
1	you hang out with a hoe you gonna turn into a hoe
1	everybody turning into assholes this year. look what youve bitches have done to us.
1	you're are only a hoe when you fuck him and think you're pregnant ... not when you party together 
1	big booty hoe
1	fucking faggot
1	do i literally eat asshole for a living? is that what i actually do faggot? you seem a little confused..
0	the jig
1	drake vs. tyga beef, yung berg, lil fizz, chris brown bitch rants on twitter, ilovemakonnen getting drug off stage. light skins taking l's
1	had da bitches rockin in da club wit my boy connor
1	"don't know no ugly bitches don't know no broke
1	i say if a girl got 7 bodies or more and she 20 or younger she a hoe on gang
1	fines hoes only 
1	it's iguanas out this bitch n er thing
1	i think i figured out where white trash americans come from: the rural parts of europe.
1	my bitch stay my bitch so don't look she keep that pussy tucked
0	great gif. got a source url for
0	earlybird early morning sunrise dawn bird thebird jerryreed kansas city
1	lifes a bitch
1	if you're attractive ; you think any straight guy just wants to be your friend...bitch you stupid
1	add my snapchat lil bitch: trevaughn3
1	slut opp thot hoe
1	cam newton is such a pussy he needs to grow up and learn he isn't a hotshot any more
1	gillette is for pussies
1	oh so basically we both will be your bitch all day? mhmmm of course..............
1	"i could have died".. "i called my mom a bitch" lmao
1	you wanna know some crazy shit? without the sunshine, you could find a shady bitch
1	straight up your hoes can wait
1	really that's why we got side hoes 
1	sum bitch that looks good where does a man such as myself pick up one of those?
1	atleast i wipe my ass trashy bitch
0	former towie star charlie king comes out inspiring. congrats and welcome to the family :)
1	today my friend taught me so hood slang  she said fuck nigga, nigga bitch, fuck boy, nigga bruh 
0	i don't always get drunk and pass out but when i do, when did they start making colored duct tape?
1	matt got the shades on tryin to scope a bitch
0	never seen a tinted yellow tongue before. she just ate a lemon jolly rancher?
1	*teachers call you a pussy for not doing senior skip day*
1	i haven't had sex in forever ... a bitch could send me a  emoji and i'd catch my nut
1	so everybody knw i mis-spell shit ... ion proof read shit let ah bitch call me dumb ima back dey ass up 
1	i'm glad bey did this shit....now some of u bitches wit that one shaved side can go ahead ; shave that other side too....
1	big bitches be sayin why yo eyes all on my stomach? bitch why yo stomach all in my eyes
1	1? smh  yoo  what a fuckin ego bust. pussy
1	only lesbians get their nips pierced ew
1	butters get all the hoes
1	them jew lawyers and doctors say "nigga" ran? lolnope they say shit like queer though
1	waddup bitch i gotta get tf outta this town tonite
0	us ghettos-driven by liberal ideology; forged by unions ; bankrupted by self-serving dems catering 2parasites tcot
1	these hoes was just really fighting ova some rally's tho on 30th
0	you're standing on a slippery slope where it's all too easy to... more for libra
1	he's a cheating wetback
1	you are beyond retarded
1	you must be retarded quote with a thirst trap 
0	nah i replied to you like i did to literally everyone else who called it trash... go and check if you don't believe me
1	everything but im outside come get this bitch
0	that's hoser eh to you.
0	clearly i'm afraid of birds
1	bitch you can get to.
1	tmz hoes
1	" bitch nigga miss me with it "
1	time hop makes me realize how much off a faggot i was lol
1	bitch, bye  dawg look at this shit
1	why is this bitch throwing condoms? lmao
0	apes
0	french word for potato translates as "earth apple." banana is "long yellow tree apple." submarines are "big wet hollow kaboom apple."
1	when i feel like he entertaining these hoes i just fall back even harder than before 
1	bruno fag boy" you love me.
1	this bitch come up and pull her titty out... what do you do? the more the merrie
1	i dont fuck wit youuuuuuuu you lil stupid ass bitch
1	gahdamn i got bitches, damn i got bitches, damn i got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress
1	johnny cash turned down "the gambler." guess you could say he didn't know when to ho . . . never mind.
1	 but wait if he got a ole lady and still "quenching yo girl" is he a unfaithful water fountain for hoes??
1	high school is tough for everyone. grow the fuck up and stop being a little bitch. that should be a tag line for my new speaking tour
1	i give my niggas hope and sell these bitches dreams
1	jealous bitches be like ...'.'  don't subtweet me hoe
1	thinking about getting my nips pierced...
1	good pussy have a nigga like funniest thing i've ever seen on 
1	new song coming out ray rice that hoe
1	i just fell in love. just saw the baddest bitch driving a 2014 e350 amg coupe 
1	' i just feel like my mouthpiece so cold  i'll give lessons to every niggah that ever got turned down , for the low cost of $24.99  hmu .
0	if u eat fried eggs and leave the yolk entirely yellow ur a disgrace and also nasty
1	28. basically, you can't be bold and be a hoe at the same time.
0	approximately 1/2 in one crash. there wasn't supposed to be that many members of a seal team on one bird
1	ay fuck wieners, remember to eat before you drink and remember to drink water while you're drinking and also to go eat shit you pussy head.
0	rick scott refuses to appear on debate stage because charlie crist has an illegal electronic fan via
0	giants- pitiful .. jets-pitiful .. mets- pitiful .. yankees-pitiful .. nets- pitiful .. knicks-pitiful ... ny sports- pitiful
1	" all my hoes stay mad at me i keep em hot guess they got a fever "
1	you can't appreciate a woman if you're entertaining hoes.
1	coulda been fckd yo bitch 
0	auto tranny
0	yankees damn you directtv blackout the yankee game. with a freaking walk off you're killing me satellite douche.
0	just in case the day couldn't get better wife's rav 4 had a flat and being the redneck i am i put 16 inch rims on it so there goes $200x2
1	chad jordan in this bitch i'm crying
1	ion even wanna see this bitch .  talking bout ill make you breakfast
0	a girl tweeted "you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the movies" no u might be stupid if u pay 4.99 fo
1	hell nahh. if a bitch had respect for her own damn body, she wouldn't wear that shit in public.
1	damn i hate a bitch that like to argue and shit
0	jesus genesis 2:19 out of the ground the lord god formed every beast of the field and every bird of the sky initiating
1	doubt it cause a bitch aint nothing but a nigga downfall
1	the left tho twitpic a selfie with a bad bitch 
1	nigga i wus graduating if you wasn't in the 6th grade in 1996, you a hoe
0	making up drake disses&gt;&gt; cant wait to call it trash and tell everyone that b l u will forver be the goat out of la
1	giants you bitch
0	haha oreo lol. well i gota do dee's video for his dance soon, i can show you how to use equipment and that x
1	nicca u read what i typed u aint slo by a long shot dont play dumb now litebrite lol
0	my goal for soccer this year is to get a yellow card every game
1	rt karlie acting like she not a hoe.... she been wit 3 of the niggas on just this show plus two guest appear
1	oml i never questioned my nigga ab another bitch ; if the nigga ever said some shit like that that nigga lied.
1	thats bad when your bestfriend says yu act like a hoe cx
1	i'm just living my nig....
0	gasoline - daddy yankee 
1	if i was to really be straight bold bitches will hate me man
1	i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped. pussy
1	abby doesnt understand how beautiful she is, bitch you is straight up trippin. you know guys be droolin boutchu. dont play. lmao
1	"i can't handle no liquor... but these bitches can't handle meeedd" - chief sosa
1	elizbian is bitch and likes women
1	i just bought a bentley and a bitch came wit it
0	golden oreos  regular oreos  yes
1	crew neck ass nigguh
1	it's okay for michael sam to mock manziel, but if johnny mocked sam by pretending to have a dick in his mouth he'd get a
1	sone of y'all bitches need morning glory milk baths 
1	i bet these bitches trying to set me up 
1	fuck you bitch
1	dudes a hoe had me laughin on my only pics
1	fuck your gpa bitch im a lot smarter than you
1	your pussy hella tight. took me an hour to slide in that mothafucka quote and i'll compliment you
1	fucking chinks in clash of clans always fuck me up. bitch ass kamikaze faggots.
1	kim always being nasty. pussy hungry bitch look at me never hungry
1	the person below is into big booty bitches
0	guys, i just walked into an office, and the secretary has a bird. looks like i may just find out for myself.
1	 dirty whore. i love you. but you a hoe. but i love you. jesus is watching.
1	read the constitution you love. all spending starts in the house. love uninformed teabaggers. morningjoe
1	1 good girl is worth 1,000 bitches ; people still fail to realize that
1	one man's trash is another man's girlfriend.
1	promotion that's hoe ya do it
1	all you see is straight pussy in my iphone
1	alright vacarro you bitch
1	come on nd get that chicken niggers love dat chicken from popeyes
1	well we all know victoria's secret now. yea and we all the cocoa puff bird fucking
1	umm bitch hello i was not alive so i clearly dobt have it
1	2pac was real af on "temptations". thats exactly how it be for niggas getting money and bitches
1	he doesnt like you, ya stupid bitch. he likes ur vag. idiot haha. goingtogethurtagain
1	my niggah
1	who the old bitch?? *hoe
1	when bitches you don't like talk to you at work. workproblems workflow byebitch
1	it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off. 
0	like i really want a rafter monkey
1	9 times outta 10 a bitch gonna know if she a hoe or not
1	his bitch ass a hoe ass nigga prolly don't get no pussy
0	i just want some oreos ; milk honestly. just stop by the store ; pick up some on your way back lol
1	it's lame that you can buy clothes that look like real military clothing. if you wear it i will make fun of you. you're a 4 star bitch.
1	truuuuuuuuue but bitch u fine tho i've been old all my old ass life. and that's fine.
1	i like taking niggas hoes but i stop doing that 
1	cause you got you wife on the left an bitches on the right nigga man logic puss
1	lex steele i know y'all know him he been knocking hoes off for years and moaning in the process
1	whats a bad bitch to a queen with goals
1	get this bitch out of my house
1	i believe the time for uncouth/uncivilised people to be sentenced to death for racial slurs/attacks against ne citizens...
1	nigga, this bitch is scaring me. pass me the blunt 
1	your girls pussy smells like sour cream and onions
1	' and you know that i believe it , cause her pussy to mee...  and she don't fuck with many niggahs , she don't fuck with any niggahs  .
1	but can we all at least agree that you whining like a little bitch because someone threw your phone is absolutely hilarious?
1	wifey material doesn't come often.. so you better recognize when you have yourself a rider before you end up with a hoe
1	jealous bitches smh
1	nick cannon movie.. a 31 year old bitch in texas was pretending to be 15 and went to high school 6 months
1	used to be with 50 niggas, 20 of em got murked, 20 of em turned pussy, the other 10 put in work
1	first thing to do during the zombie outbreak: sell my hoe
0	when joey bada$$ said "traded in my nikes for a new mic, i guess it's safe to say he sold his soles for a new life."
1	i think this hoe pressed or some shit righttt how many times we asked where they be??ok
1	flashin money but ya bitch nails not done..
1	niggas passing up good girls for hoes.
1	weed louder than a darkskin bitch in the club
0	her face ugly to me, ; her nudes were trash.
0	chink thats better then having the rug rats running around yah crib girl enjoy life lol
0	new test makes your poop neon colored if you have colon cancer 
1	say it to me when i confront you pussy fuck
1	it's my birthday yesssss obviously nobody cares bitch
1	bitch that says traffic stop bitch stop making excuses
1	can't none of them hoes swim they renamed that bitch the yacht club
0	looks like a less-squinty-eyed to me. hmm...
1	too bad i'm a bitch.. 
1	i love german. i wish nansemonds bitch ass had it
1	why would i pay sex ,when i can getfree pussy that makes no sence at all
1	they made up endearing names for us like nigger spook ; monkey
1	these bitches so broke instead of go get it they quick to go ask for somethin
1	some lying ass hoes lol
0	city highway skyscrapers building lights yellow blue
1	is this hoe gone dm me back
1	you can't spell patrick without trick so trick or treat bitch
1	exactly ; i miss you bitch
1	faggot
1	iggy wanna be black so bad. ur a white widow hoe
1	political ass bitches
1	nah im forreal both of yall pussies smell like some dried up crusty fish guts
1	gang gang bitch
1	hoe bang this big | | and she got nerves to think she better then us , bitches have no chill 
1	freshman year i remember like it was yesterday. i was lowkey plotting on the baddest bitch. but some clown ass nigguh swooped dat up lol
1	i hate that shit. like bitch don't ask me for shit makin me waste my time and your dumb ass ain't even using it.
1	it might be some of y'all females pussy wet cause he cried smh
1	"her pussy fatter than ya dick" lmao
1	my nigguh me naturally forever be fly
1	you fck like a hoe so no thank you . ima be classy when i do it   bitch i'm dead
1	i hate bitches who be laughing with they teeth. that shit is scary as fuck to witness. like cover your mouth hoe.
1	whatever hoe
1	congrats to kim k .this a great day for hoes everywhere
1	omfg. the crazy bitch is here
1	picture time outside of metro, fucking fags
1	im tired of these bitches actin like they loyal lol
1	i like how cays mf ass favorited my tweet but didn't text me bacc  hate that hoe.
1	 yep donttryme bitch bitchmode testme truth trust
0	i guess my confessions trash because none of them got posted- famu
1	if anxiety was a person i'd kill that bitch so fuckin fast.
1	"my twitter was hacked" = i'm too pussy to admit that i said it and now i want to act like i never said it.
0	brilliant job by to limp it back to the pits without causing a yellow. wish he didn't need to though. plm
1	youwillnotbetakenseriouslyif you're proud to be white trash kedollarsignha
1	alsarabsss" hes a beaner smh you can tell hes a mexican
0	i remember laying on a hospital bed after being shot ranting about how coconut shrimp was trash.
0	mi caldito de pollo estuvo incredible ahora a snuggle con mi snuggie y mi hubby... queeee riiikkooo...
1	my niggas bigger then the bouncer, roll up in the bitch still smell like an ounce
1	bitch
1	this shit for the birds . 
0	you losing 0-3 and that's what u trying to do? stupid yardie
1	him seh me pussy wetter then a shower curtain....ahmesehwetness"&lt;lmao
1	fuck brett farve redneck ass, he stuckup he don't give a damn lol he be on campus acting like he the shit
1	you can be a hoe without having sex, ask any of the girls texting alotta niggas at the same time.
1	who is she? ill fight her bestie then this bitch in my class wanna copy my homework off blackboard disc
1	fuck michigan too many wanna be thugs. if you ask me y'all pussy. i'm out this bitch next year
1	and even if the sky come fallin, bitch ima still be high. i got faith in my weed man
1	amber wants a million... wiz just like... ok bitch i spend that on 2 cars..
1	if dirty d was still around i wonder how many of you younger guys he would call a "disrespectful son of a bitch"
1	of course bitch. i kinda wanna attempt to play madden tho
1	if my tweets hit too close to home why you subbing me lil stupid ass bitch? check ya own fucking self issues lil bitch.
1	my instagram is being a bitch and telling me i can't follow this person fuck this
0	lets just say hellen keller makes better brownies
1	farra from teen mom has 2 sex tapes on pornhub lmao hoe ass
1	think i should change "doctor's advocate" to "cunt that goes mental" hmm
1	u should just pull out ; let ferguson fend for themselves. it has been a week. wasting manpower. most r just attention hos
1	this hoe got some issues
1	i call my penis the titanic because so many bitches went down on it.
0	hard to qa? time is also a pain to mock out in unit tests...
1	dedication 4 hoe
1	bitches be trying the wrong bitches ; don't even be knowing..
1	left a nice little message in his inbox so he deleted the comment where he called me a bitch  these
1	this niggah said "oh kiss me through the phone looking ass" haha
1	  hop off hoe. come on 
1	ya bitch got my dirty pistol in her crib uoeno it
1	don't play games with a girl who can play better, bitch.
1	when you see a fat bitch wearing leggings and a belly shirt
1	faggot
1	only soo much a bitch can take...
1	so you still don't suck dick or eat pussy in 2014?
1	i know how in the moment people can be. especially guys. so excuse me for not trusting you being fucked up around hoes.
1	this really how bitches be to.. lmfao.. 
1	bangthat's a trust worthy bitch
1	me and my big ol titty bitch
1	lmao nigga yo avi so trash my phone won't even load that shit
1	i call myself fat amy so twig bitches like you don't call me it behind my back.
1	my sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried
0	as nfl reportedly asks bird-flipping m.i.a. for another $15m, let's revisit column on ridiculousness:
1	i could have that chick there boobs in my face and score the fight better than the bitch that made it 114-114
1	can i sit on your face  sit on a hot stove bitch 
1	this account is so incredibly retarded.
0	looks like any other little porch monkey to me
1	this pic is trash. dck is dry af.
1	got 1 baby mama no bitch no wife ....
1	hahaha it makes sense hoe ;p
1	aw." ...fag, don't tweet "aw" to me lol
1	how yall hoes do instagram rates
1	ugh i can't stand a bitch that smokes black ; milds. they make me itch
1	no clue but these bad hoes ain't really bad
0	chilling  sexy scally lad
1	no reason to hit with you when i know you pussy i won't get no cool points
1	hell naw he ain't he the star of that team lol but i'm sure that white honkey called him a nigga
1	half y'all bitches side hoes and don't even know.
0	the shocking true stories behind your favorite classic fairy tales via
1	what a shit heel.
1	' i really don't give a fuck . once you start that " you got hoes , you fuck with bitches " shit i'm deleting yo...
0	yep. *sobs* i got my hopes up when a couple of the national guys (including that kiper/mcshay mock) had him slipping.
1	"rate my hoe"
1	lmaoo what a fag
0	up with the birds to fish on the li river
1	that nigga vic acting like he yellow bone with 15k followers and can't answer a nigga phone
1	nothin in life is free.. some of you bitches need to write that on ya panties"
0	no song i've heard was good is what i mean by he's trash
1	rt x___x only twitter niggas care bout hairy pussy. them 5 niggas i fucked today ain't gi
0	day 2 of fxxs simpsons marathon  barts dog gets an f to last exit to springfield will be the best consecutive 24 ho
1	nigga screamed like a lil bitch lol
1	bro's before hoes, not bro's over your girlfriend
1	is everyone on the redskins lathered in oil? what the fuck?
1	i'm with 3 bitches ; 2 of em mix
1	bitch i'm not coming no more you said your making plans
1	what a fag
1	lucky as bitch ft. juicy j
0	it's a mutation. genealogy is convoluted. basically the zebra gene currieries are slaughtered=extinction
1	lmaoooo that hoe look like 
0	clam it
1	nothing is too spicy. and if it is, 1) stop being a fucking bitch 2) eat more of it 3) cry you fucking pussy
0	part of my cousin danny's yankee swap. pretty hilarious. very clever. and very danny.
1	i can't stand no messy hoe1000 true story
1	when a bitch look his way
1	here let me say it more clearly since your retarded ass don't understand
1	when mr. krabs sold spongebob out for 62 cents thats when i knew hoes aint loyalrealist shit i've seen
0	"tyrone i didn't mean to throw your mixtape in the trash c'mon fam"
1	as a girlfriend, you have to accept the fact hoes are gonna be all up in his face. but as a boyfriend, he better let them 
1	thanks nig
1	in order to be a real nicca you gots to be real nicca
1	fuck these bitches stop women bashing them women don't exist in this generation.
1	start punching hoes in they esophagus and shit.
1	let me sit this ass on you you and chris better gtf 
1	holy fuck yall are little bitches. its like 50 in san antonio stfu
1	apparently not wanting to trade your nitro m4 in csgo makes you a collossal faggot.
0	if the get dempster, they just look like they're getting older. smh bring some youth mlb
1	aye g.. i fucked yo bitch again by mistake..
1	man some lame niggah when i find him i'm unfollowing tf out his ass
1	broke hoes always wanna argue u ain't ate all day were u get that energy from rt
1	they rude i wish you bitches would stop calling while i'm trying to get dicked down by your nigga 
1	i don't like you bitch so  ; i'm having a party all weekend my momma going out of town.
1	my name is ollie bitch
1	omg have yall ever met a dyke who didn't have a kid?
1	i adopted these bitches
1	"day of judgement everybody gonna be looking at the big jumbotron watching me fuck this majjinn buu bitch"
0	this is really for exploding giant yellow ducks. youll appreciate this:
1	twitter family, i promise to put my tour schedule up today as soon as i have this pussy hustlin girl i pay for service
1	"i used to dress up like a cop too." "oh really?" "yeah...right after 9/11...mad pussy." "really?" "yes...i'll never forget."
1	- lol just think about it, there is a right way ; a wrong way to love someone. a hoe may just love you for what you got.
1	i hate seeing women carrying on about how they could fuck somebody's man. ok??? trashy ass bitch.
1	ane is a cunt
1	hey bitch..adam showed up..bring more beer.
0	i've pretty much eaten an entire box of my nephew's cheese nips. i only feel bad a little.
1	ima make you my bitch 
1	it's basic bitches unite around these parts 
1	only the strong survive and you niggas is bitches
1	that ain't my hoe.
1	everybody knows that bitches love mullets pantiedropin
0	a bird pooped on me.
1	she got me like fuck that bitch
1	i'm literally about to scream and throw a bitch fit if people don't hurry the fuck up.
1	customers at like you make the prices... like no bitch i don't
1	lebron warm up jacket full then a bitch
0	it's just not the same, littledebbie cloud cake are not twinkies
1	yah she was a hoe...
0	triple fudge brownie chunk ice cream lifechanging
1	i want a blunt, pizza and pussy
0	gobble de gook
1	shoulda put retard mikey on ahs freakshow
1	dive in the pussy like
1	never seen a nigga get laughed at when he got his test back and it was an a on that bitch.
1	like i know i can be a bitch sometimes but some people need to know their levels
1	tell me how that sounds stupid? you were pretending to be a female and talking to a guy. you a faggot
1	shoot that nigga and his shorty bitch  
1	hahaha she to much of a thottie for you never fear captain save-a-thot is here to save that hoe 
1	y'all some bitches
1	a bitch will say anything for attention
1	you and yuh bitch ass ull get smacked quick
1	chill your dad gets more bitches at school than you do griff
1	toss 'em out of office? or just throw 'em in the trash? trashbucketchallenge has politicians on the run at...
1	you sick bitch didnt even invite me
1	what you laughing at hoe
0	happycolumbusday .....hate to sound all peta callous and all........but buffalo had it a lot worse than the injuns..........
0	you're responsible for the story inside you. don't let self-doubt cripple your creativity. amediting amwriting writetip
1	then i hit that bitch like a free throw
1	u fucken bitch wifi
0	has to be live version pulledpork clams babyjesus lilsmokey
1	bitch shut the fuck and follow what u say nigga
1	i act like ion ee kno dat bitch 
1	lashontae a bad bitch times 3
1	i hate girls that be like " i can't talk to you you got too many hoes.." bitch where ya competitive spirit at??
1	just got done with my last final and i'm walkin around campus like i own this place queer.
1	gay ass nigga  bitch you thought you thought
0	cute, but i love her yellow raincoat the most, the contrast with that;her hair looks so cute :p i love her face in your icon
1	this bitch pregnant again 
1	i don't know. maybe it is a good quote and a good way to feel but i've seen way too many petty life-destroying bitches use that quote.
1	he's a better trainer, jillian really acts like a bitch sometimes
1	i'm all cock and pussy like in my tweets; and all penis and vagina like in dms 
1	when the pussy stank 
1	good dnt be a sucker for these sad mad bitches,
1	i miss you being a wee cheeky cunt to me, sad times missabby
1	i would reply with the red emoji but i'm not a nigger
1	can i bring another bitch or nah
1	i see people tweeting "what if the purge comes to my city" bitch the purge ain't no tour
1	ghetto ass bitches came in my job talm bout sum "o yes u daddy down" 
1	i don't want me no good girl i fell inlove with these freak hoes
1	u really got these coons out here dreaming
0	he won't bite we promise he's a friendly bird :)
1	people love to touch my hair "ooo is this real?" yes bitch is yours?
1	got a badass bitch just bouncin on my dick
1	brought to you by bad bitches and good weed
0	the guy got excited when he saw oreo cookie crusts. he thought i was making pie. he was bummed when he realized it was cheesecake.
1	if this bitch hangs up on me one more time....
1	longhair don't care got my gayboyproblems everywhere, i'm a bitch i'm a champ, i'm totally full of
1	where your white hoes at bro lol
1	ill finger ur tight pussy so slowly you'll be moaning my name bby
1	sam is hands down easily no doubt in a million years my least favorite character, such a little bitch freaksandgeeks
0	charlie sheen slams rihanna for rejecting his fiancee: youre a rude idiot with bad wig
1	i got bad bitches on stand by
1	women can't do something called live life.apparently that's being a hoe.
1	i have an open mind and that bitch beyonc is crazy
1	say my fucking name hoe
1	omfg you elitist bitch no one cares what you think go fuck yourselves are you in china anyway?
1	fuck your redskins bitch
1	look at ya boy nigga a faggot bruh chance the rapper
1	what's a puto isn't that bitch in spanish.
1	having hoes not cool, that one will be better than all them thots
1	feel like i aint did this in a while , let me warm up eat that pussy for a half an hour got her goin nuts
1	could never kiss up to a bitch or follow up being someone. not my cup of tea , you hoes look foolish
1	tony drinking sloppily and saying 'what? i cunt hear you, bare ass me again'
0	today was talk like a pirate day, and absolutely nobody knew id been doing a charlie morton impersonation all day.
1	thank god i'm just an " old redneck bitch" from memphis ,tn. and not a troll
1	girls like her make it hard for the rest of us  and u wonder why u bitches get expose
0	reaper drones pinpoint jihadi john via
1	wigga why the fuck r u in this conversation with yo stalking ass
1	i swear i'm a nice girl, until you do something that pisses me off... then the bitch comes out.
1	if you ask me every bitch gay
1	told you them bitches was mad even, g.
0	i think i got da bird flu
1	texting bitches at 11:12, making their wish come true.
0	in-n-out is like the sunshine and blue sky. the song of a bird. a smile at the front porch. the perfume of the ocean on wind-kissed cheeks.
1	block or mute the cunt
1	gabby's a bitch and has two accounts
1	- bitch i'm up for sale every weekend 
0	that's "energy" the city is "electric" gotta go to yankees stadium, when they are winning. it is truly "electrifying"
0	ok so not all the shows on cartoon network are complete trash. stevm universe is awwwwwesomeeeeee
1	4 stacks for the heels on my bitch feet, car seat still smellin like 10 keys.. tell the plug that i'm lookin for a increase..
1	i'm already tired and mr stupid af decides to show us a video on trigonometric notions so um yeah i just wanted to say you're a hoe
1	hunnit hoes in the house ; they all fckn watch dog ass kb ball again. ion see a bih cause they broke as hell 2 places ain goin broke or jail
1	this fat bitch was preaching like "we have too many fat and lazy people" have you seen a mirror wtf
1	people always asking me what i'm mixed with." she a bad asian bitch lol
0	where are all the thinkpieces on why kids call themselves "trash" and "garbage" these days
1	lol fag
1	the fucking royals bitch work
0	make my way right to the trash can with these. new season. new shoes. makeyourownway wayofwade
1	youre a fucking ugly bitch, i wanna stab you to death and then play around with your blood -patrick bateman
1	just saw your black nra skit. it was vile. you're not funny. was a fan of yours, not anymore. cunt
1	u can have a tool bet u want shoot it tho pussy ass nigga but u can't through dem hands tho
1	shuddup hoe
1	 nicca said "imma slap ya daddy out den put em n da yo"  he still that nigga when he aint s
1	...like to have a seat on it. i also don't assume that because a woman contributes to a sex convo that means her pussy is open f
1	original bad bitch
1	the fuckin pussy makes fun of people all day on the radio, someone calls him a creep and he blocks them.
1	ik his bitch ass saw me mentioned his tall ass
0	we dem birds.
1	ridin round blowin loud, fuck hoes by the crowd. lil reese's verse on my lil niggas is a str8 hip hop classic
1	can't believe you bitches find this remotely appealing.
1	spineless bitches in backless dressess
0	i don't think he can beat mayweather but he's far from trash. unlike floyd he actually put maidana down.
1	cause hes a faggot
1	don't blame me hoe.... i'm innocent 
1	good pussy ain't changin nothin. might bump you up to main hoe from side jank. that only mean you get fucked more 
1	quan and dino them faggot ass niggas? aight man
0	fox news presenters mock female pilot who took part in campaign against isis wtf
1	take your queer ass dubstep out of here
1	if you said more today on the internet about duck dynasty than about the northwestimperative, you're a useless whigger.
0	"bae" means "before anything else" i always thought it was a ghetto word for "babe"
1	these niggaz bare backing any and every bitch out here
1	she used her hair to throw her then kicked her in the head then called her a bitch 
1	yeah it's really far and it's alright if you like living by a whole lot of hicks haha
1	i feel bad for guys that give their girlfriends the world and the bitch still treats them like shit.. like damn what more do 
0	i volunteer to be guinea pig and help test it out 
0	420 moke up
1	no problem my niggah 
1	pussy licking pussy.... meow meow stopwhitepeople2014  
0	march is about to get mad marchmadness collegehoops indiana iubb hoosiers
1	why do so many filthy wetback half-breed spic savages live in losangeles? none of them have any right at all to be here.
1	charlie is an ol' hatin' fool scandal
1	when you sitting next ya girl and ya side bitch text you "hey babe "
1	smh, what a hoe. you just couldn't wait.
0	making weed brownies tonight goin slide me a batch relo
1	ted cruz..leader..lol lol lol lol lol omg lol lol lol lol lol you are a funny ass redneck...lol lol lol lol lol
1	dropped all my hoes hold on let me pick these bitches back up a nigga was sneaking and geekin 
0	if you decide to do damara, you should make her a gladiola. we have gorgeous rust-colored ones coming up over here.
0	adam jones homers yankees now lead 5-3.guy is a monsta
0	should i take a nap though too kill a mocking bird or nah?
1	man i was bouta text all the bitches that ever told me that lmao you should
1	i know yall bitches tell yall selfs wwhd what would hustlelinaa do  cuz yall asses stay following me 
1	never been a coon grew up with bokoo coons tho but never was 1 i did some coon shit tho
1	diversity: chcgo blck pstr flooded w/ dth threats ovr endorsement of gop candidate: u sellout uncle tom ass n*gger
1	; you should feel disrespected if a bitch try to suck you up with dry lips. 
1	i just whooped your ass why you turnin pussy
0	the saints are pure trash lol smh
1	lol at the bitches that act like they single but now have to post pictures with they nigga hahaha
1	wow the stupid nigger in lebron really came out there
1	rt, if you agree northkorea says barackobama looks like; "a monkey, who belongs in an african zoo" rofl
1	bitch niggas owe me money
0	that the yankees have won four straight shane greene starts and 7 of 9 speaks to his stability in a season of starters' emergen
1	maury 70 years old still exposing hoes
1	wake your ass up hoe
0	he's an idiot. miserable trash excuse for a man
1	all these hoes just want some attention.
0	i wanna try pot brownies.
0	actor charlie sheen once bought 2,600 seats at an angels baseball game in hopes of catching a home run ball.
1	" yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches "
1	how you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public?
0	respect the birds. peace in pieces.
0	charlie sheen's video message to president obama
1	i want you to be pussy whipped i'm yours
1	i get so deep in that pussy i touch the back of her soul
1	and btw don't ever bring up past hoes wit yo ol lady i took that l in hs tryna be semi honest smh
1	merry christmas bitches 
1	can't fuck wit no bitch ugly friends,
1	the hoes are for everybody my nigga
1	jada fire has never dropped me for talking to imaginary hoes
1	i swear, a yung nigga use to wanna be a heartbreak kid shawn micheals ; razor ramon both had bitches
1	strong pussy yall think ciara got good pussy?
1	hayfever is a cunt
1	please pornstars, stop saying "fuck that tight pussy."
1	see you fags in 8 hours
0	calling out teabaggers, conservatives on their bs: via
1	most of yall females boring as fuck then yall wonder why niggas only talk about havin sex bc theres nothin else to talk abo
1	sounded like a god damn bear just fell out of my trees. might be time to stop pissing outside and piss bucket up in this bitch.
1	your mama raised you as bitch right
1	he was 17 not 16 ; he tried to beat up a much weaker "creepy ass cracker" that is why he is dead. if zimmerman was a woman...
1	bitch i ainn hiden i go str8 to class my teacher lame af
1	side hoe: hey, this is my boyfriend me:
0	the yankees don't need tanaka or beltran or all these 'big name' players believe
1	fuck you bitch.
1	yall letting these hoes fuck you with the strap after you said no?
1	blunt to the head, fuck feds, i eat pussy till my tongue red
1	some scandalous hoes then lmao
1	"you better pipe your pussy down over there"- wth does that even mean?
1	going for a bitch nigga neck cause nigga am rollin
1	yeah you right and you know them mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed
1	do dykes date other dykes or is that shit gay to y'all?
1	when you listening to a bitch complaining about a nigga that aint even hers.
1	i can't stand this dumb fucking bitch
1	yeah cum itch my slit baby cakes
0	yankees playing tonight in the bronx,3rd game of the current series against the diamondbacks
1	mom said i couldn't have chocolate milk past nine so i punched that bitch in the pussy satan 
1	this bitch kicked me out
1	i can not just sit up and hate on another bitch .. i got too much shit going on"
1	i like it. folks act like the word "negro" is the equivalent of porch monkey or spear chucker. it's not. no real
1	them pretty bitches love me them bitches love me guccccci
0	the rams really dont wanna be trash, jeff fisher really bout it
0	uh oh: california solar plant fries thousands of birds in mid-flight - hot air
1	baby pussy cant be your only hustle. unless u bad as naomi russell.i mean a lot of ppl got money.so basically russell aint the only russell
1	they want what i got, i want what they got, america.they got the word nigger, i want it to
1	have you ever thought a bitch was wet as fuck, but woke up the next morning ; realized that she was just on her period?
1	when a bitch got you fucked up but you devoted your life to the lord so you gotta stand there like you aint mad
0	his defense is trash, and he's been rocked by jesus soto karass, and diego chaves.
1	how do you cheat on this ?  she's just like any other female with a pussy so who 
1	whos pussy is it she said richie's
1	y'all hoes need to get out more. there so much more to life than being a fuckin hater. go get yours.
1	equality niggah
1	n dat bitch sound like a man if dats ya grandma fucc yu too
1	shout out to my mama cause she ain't raise no hoe
1	i have something that you don't bitch. always remember that.
0	that's bc i deleted "visionary" once i saw your subtweet. next time just me tho. (and i do love jail bird dresses.)
1	i beat the pussy up up up up up...
0	don't really care if a fighters black, white, yellow or dalmatian. if he is good he is good.
1	bowling green's campus looks old as fuck. like state penitentiary old. but they do have a lot of bitches so i guess that counts for a lot
1	money can't buy you love so i don't pay for no pussy
1	no matter how hard you try to be rude mf`s they keep talking to you. like bitch do i know you
1	i always listen to ghetto ass rap when i get ready for football games.
0	why tori amos matters now more than ever via
1	i b so quick to dub a bitch it's sad 
0	some are oval and some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
1	i got this root beer chillin in the fridge imma crack that bitch open in a few
1	whoever had mr. ramlogan for uwi business law tho? racist mudda cunt
0	one man's trash is another man's wife.
1	my mfn birthday pink champaign in dat bitch
1	dont be a faggot, cover your mouth when you fkn cough or sneeze, i got a immune system to keep strong asshole
1	stfu stupid bitch. god damn. unfuckingfollow me then shit.
1	mane y'all niccas crazy af wiz old shit got niccas bitin his style n errthan
1	i view hackers on the same level as shoplifters - bitch slapped into the lake and held until drowning. harsh, but yeah. hate.
1	"i'm gonna piss on your dimple stop wasting prayers on trash teams lol"
1	: ahah chill my bitch look better 
0	 charlie strong got down to the 53-man roster nearly as quickly as texans did
1	niggahs watch who you fucking just to hate on your bitches
1	all the real gangsters knoww nate aint never loved no hoe
1	lol at the random "fist fight" aka pussy shove match at dnd tonight.
1	seriously these animal crackers have a slight fruit loops aftertaste. its really fucked up, it should not be this way but it is.
1	shantrell tryna fight bitches in da clinic n shut  she wanna wait til uh bitch sick to try to bump 
0	happy halloween from rick james (aka swaggy) and charlie murphy ( ) haha darkness everybody
1	modern day singers talk about the same shit rappers talk about lol....hoes
1	i slam duunkk hoes cuz i can't lay up
1	nah son we ca go half if it was my girl bitches be wanting to spend 400 and up on some fake hair
1	you were supposed to hang w me this week nigger
1	so when the clock hits 12 o'clock imma need the baddest, lightest, ; brightest hoes to be at door. give my b
0	royals 2-1 fantastic. ready for tomorrow's sweep of the disposed o's. yankees 4ever except this month.
1	my dad just told 's dad to text one of their friends and say hashtag pussy. hahahaha i'm done
1	i don't trust dese hoes nikki told 51st where i stay at all my fans screen shot asap" we finna come to chiraq and shoot sumn
0	lol i already made it. i'm waiting on my brownies to finish 
1	k.michelle talking bout can't raise no man well due bitch he already grown
1	bible you a hoe if you already got new years eve plans
1	u a regular nig, u played out b lol ima b ig famousthese days that counts for somethin
1	if the purge come to my city ima be like bitch is active as shit 
1	i've always wanted to do a youtube cover but i'm too pussy so umm okay how about this ._. 35 rts and i will post a cover
0	weird frosted colored lipgloss is weird...
0	see me ride out of that sunset, on your, colored tv screen tnt acdc
1	espn has jason whitlock on pti ass kissing for mister charlie to justify the bullshit the eagles did to d. jackson
0	aye, i respect ya hustle and all but dont tweet me anymore trash ass videos...thank u kindly
1	you look like your 12 stop talking about fucking bitches 
1	"he married to a white woman... lucky sum-bitch" - uncle ruckus
1	they should free all da real niccas n give the snitches da time
1	lmao slow new day for madonna fans huh? collaborating with siri? haha that sounds retarded. so she may oray not use a sound sample.
1	happy 18th to these main bitches take it easy on the cigs
0	nothing more yokel msu fan than to constantly reassess izzo *aka our only consistent winner since d. daugherty or biggie flipping munn*
0	red meat trash
1	automatically suspicious of white folk who try too hard to show they like us darkies.
1	i never thought you could irritate me like. please stop being a fucking bitch. surprised your boyfriend puts up with you. stupidspecs
1	can you call someone a racist, then call them "white bitch" in the same sentence without losing credibility?
0	giants secondary lookin like trash
1	i live in the fast lane bitch
1	that nigga was eating that hoe lol
1	if you ever had an abortion you got cemetery pussy " omg lmao
0	birds of a feather flock together?
1	5"0 with 30 hoes on my dick sweg you have learned from the best
1	real niggas speaking bitch u better listen....
1	i just wrote a dawg ass essay, ; was working on the bibliography ; my laptop froze. im kill a bitch if it gets lost, cause i hadnt saved it.
0	which world cup teams are jihadis rooting for?
1	so it's rude to talk about fat bitches but it's cool to talk about skinny bitches? cus i know alot of thick hoes on the ver
1	i only wear weave because i like it a bitch got hair 
1	yes, sorry grant, i'm a bitch so i'm going to ignore you like most libtards ignore the majority voice....
1	did those bitches from frozen ever build a snowman?
1	lmaoooooo dude said bitches from ny fuck to redman's greatest hits 
1	i still can't get over some of these retards going ape shit over this iphone 5, makes no sense to me whats so ever.
1	"boolin' in the bando wit a few bitches"
1	nigger
1	omfg or the other pics of the tranny lmao
1	what does "forever" mean to some of you bitches? lol 3 months?
1	respect the man with vision and a gang of bitches to follow it.
0	are you tired of the "mock drafts"? let's just do this: if clowney is not the 1st pick, who thinks round 1 becomes "chaos"? showofhands
1	watch-military monday jihadi bitches slaying: badass - a-10 silences taliban during intense night time firefight
1	bitch yu not safe
0	lifelong yankee fan puts aside rooting interest and returns lost red sox world series ring to rightful owner:
1	any bitch who show up friday looking like the bitch from the ring i'm punching straight in the face.
1	bf: i think we need some pet insurance. gf: lmao, why, what for? bf: because i'm destroying your pussy everyday.
1	i'm pretty sure i've never sat in the friend zone waiting for pussy. you gotta put your dick on the table and see what happens
1	big bitches come to the club dressed well with flats on. noheels
1	nah its bc i'm a bad bitch
1	bitch add me
1	i'm a vipperloid bitch:p
1	retweet to spam this faggot dick going 
1	' somebody come look at this niggah right here * kevin hart voice * lol
1	dykes aren't even human tbh, like what empowered them to dress like a man but like bitches?? some alien shit
1	fvck friends ; fvck hoes
1	bad bitches an good weed
1	this nigga fucking a bitch at svsu while me rj and b been waiting in the car for 20 minutes now
1	white trash have taken over every charity organization in the us.
1	i didn't even get to see my baby today. smh it's all my moms fault. selfish bitch.
1	if i have to watch baseball i actually go for the mets because jon stewart. and fuck the yankees.
1	kick her in the cunt
1	how can dre drop it but? so much cunts will illegally download it or go on itunes to get it. should be a fuckin hardcore cd, in shops only.
1	i stay away from bitches that be insecure, i be wild'ning out in public say i'm immature.
1	i got a lambo, 2 doors. 2 seater, 2 hoes.. yokohamas, no vogues. man that bitch beautiful. -
1	i masturbated into the lingerie catalog out of spite. how dare she throw it in the trash before i get to look at it
1	fat hoes need a treadmill??? lol hmu
1	that talentless skag is a wardrobe malfunction.
1	hell ya they should make more malt liquor ads like this. - dis be heaven fo a colored man
1	you a bitch for
1	i remember when bitches wouldnt let a nigga fuck for like 3 months now its 3 days or so
1	been popping all my life what's fame 2 me.. bitches been stalking all my life bitches ain't a thang 2 me
1	that dude rent ain't no punk-bitch either.
1	notice i don't make music for niggas that don't get pussy.-drake lordknows
1	so...hello kitty is really a chicken boo bitch?
1	wait. what? yall ever put ur finger in the lil hole in the back of the pussy? just me? cool.
1	speaking of. a lot of them backpage hoes don't like fucking black guys so i never went thru with it
1	i threw them hoes away" you also just threw yo life awaybruhhh 
1	i hate when people ask if i shoot up i don't need that pussy shit to be bigger than you unswole niggas
0	1996 and 1999 world series rematch: yankees braves
1	im back to square one . no bitches .no weed a lotta hang ova
1	jet lag a bitch
1	you can roll? and what you got to eat? barter system my nig
0	charlie sheen gets point for this
1	givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
1	this niggah said her lips dry ass hell lmao 
1	i can't stand a stuck up bitch. always got a attitude for no reason. i don't know who hurt y'all but stay tf from round me 
1	smoke good weed with a bad bitch
1	okay don't reply then i didn't want you to anyways bitch
1	i don't owe you shit, bitch, leave me alone
1	' that fb profile checker thing fake then a mf , i just added some bitch yesterday and it had me on the top . fuck fr ?
1	i'ont neva chase hoes they move to slow i let em chase me
1	hate to break the news but u spam bro a dyke a tuck her titties in the winter and start calling herself mr.
1	pussy pussy pussy
1	is a pussy
1	gstar suspenders got a bad bitch bitch
1	bitch i dont even look like that keep talking and we going to fight
1	can't stand when i see a female just get out of relationship ; 2 days later their "talking" to another guy , hoes gonna be hoes smh
1	yes i love the hair on her pussy...lol
1	damn i just got called a hoe
1	when a bitch start looking at bae 
1	top notch hoes get the most not the lesser
1	forget "resting bitch face," the next hot new trend will be "resting drunk face."
1	these hoes ain loyal
1	the niggas who just jumped my brother said that dre was in they hood bitch 131st belongs to us imma going to find you bi
1	ultimate bitch 
1	bitch nicca talmbout a mf 3peat....df y'all ain't da lakers
1	this girl comes into class with fried chicken and pulls hot sauce out of her purse i mean come on how ghetto ; stereotypi
1	what that pussy do tho?
1	pussy
1	alex smith such a got damn bitch man
0	timbs straight trash though
1	' if yo new niggah can't dress better then me , or even close to looking better then me , dnt try to make me...
1	whheeet bitch you lying
1	ion eat cat . bitch what you gay for then
1	this bitch think she cool with her jordan 6 rings get the fuck on.
1	bruh these hoes psychic now
1	ross got amber rose naked these hoes ain't loyal wiz
1	love a bitch that never act hollywood
1	will you mention why being called nigger is wrong(witch i agree with) ; bossy is wrong.but being called a pimp is still ok?
0	i'm not really a phone kinda guy.. i actually hate talking on the phone ; texting kinda trash to me also.
1	disgusting gtfohhhhh mom just bought me a pet nigger 
1	you say you gotta new bitch?
0	would be perfect w/a graham cracker flavored bun or a maple dougnut bar.
1	any pregnant bitches at centreville i should know about in about to move there next ...  idk.. i dont go to cville
1	crop top and some high waisted shorts way to not look like an underage cunt lmfao
1	somebody tell these pussy niggas i got em
0	thing that made me feel old today: tori amos is 50.
1	some of these niqqa a straight pussy whipped 
1	fridayfaves this bitch is dressed for church, the club, the gym, and to slay vampires 
1	what a bishhh  slap a hoe
1	i got ugly niggah problems. lol but you got pretty niggah problems. too bad they the same problem. 
1	obama is allowing millions of illegal aliens, drug cartels, and terrorists to enter our open borders...liberal retards
1	dude i was pissed but then looking at it i fucking died at least i'm the most yoked ape
0	morning trash
0	you havent evolved as a human being. typical meathead redneck. i pity you. you dont know what freedom is about......
1	i'm too nice to people , but when i finally decide to say something , i'm a bitch . wonderful .
1	lol most chicks that go to enon are hoes or reformed hoes
1	i can't believe i'm jealous all i can think is, "what goddamn bitch was in your room to take a pic of you in bed with your shirt off?". -_-
1	i'm already a hot white bitch and hot latina get on my level
1	all bitches cheat. you just gotta acknowledge its gonna happens so when it does itll hurt less.
1	shut up, faggot.set himself up
0	dani alves uses his new gray hair to talk himself out of a yellow card, telling the referee, "i am but a humble senior 
0	purple monkey
1	ain't fuckin wit nomore hoes got who i want 
1	i have finally come to terms with the fact i am at my highest bitch level when i don't eat needasnickersanda2piece
1	"who the fuck you callin jiggaboo, nigga?"
0	i want a slope job so i can get away from everything and be by myself for two weeks. i hate being around people unless they are my friends.
1	yep, which is messier/more dangerous/more environmentally-unfriendly than their retarded new spouts.
1	marriage not for everyone.. some bitches just want u to sleepover sometimes
1	life be my bitch and that hoe move when i say so 
0	what i wish i can do every time i day playing flappy birds foreall
1	here some kimora boobies for you   this is how unlock before i slice a bitch. kimorablac
1	geminis rule hoe. 
1	lmaooo naw nigga imma stay right in your mentions hoe
1	bullets stick to a nigguh damn liver
1	breeding a nation of pussies, now how the hell is a man, a man...if he's a pussy i'm concerned, we have pussies ; psycho's
1	he's a faggot
1	hardcore way to eat mac and cheese 1. boil water 2. snort cheese powder 3. drink boiling water 4. fuck bitches"
1	my bitch bad, she from the island
1	bitch cause u wanted to fight and you didn't show up, and tryna make a bet and shit get yo friendly ass off my twitter
1	raaaayciss bitch michelle obama: african-americans should vote for democrats via
0	looks as if federal gun laws to be proposed this week lack awb. hope the media and antigun crowd choke on crow.
1	ladies remember other women (including your friends) are trifling you speak too great about your nigga other bitches will try him smh lol
0	top tip of the day - if you want to be inconspicuous at an elbow gig - don't wear a yellow jacket
1	brackin in da bity boolin wit sum bitches straight bleedin
1	i should gt a scurl on.deez hoes
1	you should probably go clean your nasty pussy and not worry about wtf i'm doing.
1	bitch made, dudes actin bitch made
1	im sick of bitches , bitching about other bitches 
1	none of them 3 bitches look like dey ca boil a egg, but working at buds broiler....
0	she's just another straight-up conscienceless liar. soulless criminal trash.
1	i need 2 of the bitches
1	i can't tell you the last time i seen 2 niggaz have a fight but i see bitches fight on video daily.
1	ma bottom bitch cotton pick if i tell her too , she give me money all yo hoe give you is attitude
1	fuck that nigga's shit up olivia's pussy got fitz going batshit
1	some bitches forget you have to be a friend to keep a friend getlostfakebitch
1	i can't stand to see my ex with another ugly bitch 
1	he's going to be someone's bitch he bought to catch hell in cell block d. they fuck up men who are rapist and child molesters.
1	how are you gonna be a cunt to your friends
1	yeah quit being a bitch about your back. pop a few viagra and get your horny ass back to dominating holes o
1	media matters executive behind stoprush campaign blogged about trannies, homos
0	bet they want a cookie, bergbrain? you mean like you want a cracker? kinda bitter here today aren'tcha? stribpol mngop mnleg
1	fuck dat bitch
1	hoes get beat 2... n if any nigga knw me dey ah tell u i stay wit ah pistol n always ready to squeeze
1	oi look at this pussy on your bed
1	bad chicks send em in.. basic hoes toss em out, can't even get waffle house.. hating niggas chalk em out gone get the coffin out
1	crazy girlfriends usually love you longer ; got the best pussy .
1	american government preaches "no bullying" creating a new generation of pussies
1	i'm obviously morello from oitnb cause crazy and jealous bitch.
1	bitches be 17 in the 9th grade talking about " where my bae at ?" no bitch , where ya credits at?
1	dis bitch wanna smoke all our weed
0	i really want a sports star to get a pet monkey and name him achilles.
1	you actually think he'll do that? lil bitch can't punch a potato
1	yuhh i'm finna hit that hoe 
0	if you didn't have tattoos as a diversion for your bird chest and malnourished body sir... your instagram would be trash
1	she looks like the pussy lips are huge
1	i'll show you how much of a fag i am 
1	sorry wrong bitch 
0	a lot of them are though. attitudes be pure trash teamwhitegirls swirltheworld
1	me ; wes in this bitch dead
1	only faggots drive stick
0	[street birds]: homeless people twittering in amsterdam via
1	i found a mega-carrot at the store today 50 retweets and i'll shove it up my pussy (; +pics
1	a nigguh spitting dat crack to your bitch
0	i am one proud hillbilly.
1	melo will be a bitch if he leaves, and well lebron is jus a bitch regardless lol
1	if a hoe give my lil sista a eye like that she betta call me so we can go jump the bitch 
0	from the archives: my favorite bond_age_ essay on thunderball, the story of a shy kid and 007
0	i love the acoustic domes in the hallways. favorite place to sing in public. no lie.
1	that hoe ain't shit
1	i'm money hungry man these bitches can't do nuffin for me
1	you far asf too nigguh
1	i'll live my life the way i want bitch
1	i need one of those "research" street signs near usaa . hang that bitch above my bed lol
1	i just wana eat some food. drink some liq. go to this party. and have a bad bitch waitin on a nigga when i return.
1	fag
1	awe boy you smell like monkey sex
1	just this one eye can take your bitch
1	she going full retard right now smh
1	which one .. corey or cory.. or both "he's half retarded"
1	i have better things to do, like drive my yellow fucking lamborghini
1	one time in high school, this girl told my friend that he needed proactive. so he told her she needed weight watchers. hahaha bitch.
1	bitch bye
0	don't like to trash talking either way. but to be fair, that's just on twitter. i'm having a ball on texts.
1	damn they got wifey  fall back nigga .. i don't share my hoes
1	in the mall with yo bitch and yo money i'm getting me somethin 
1	hoes will be hoes nothing but something guys just dispose truthbetold
1	fucking hate my coon ahh uncle
1	word up doe gm good morning....it's a celebration bitches
1	fucking redneck queers and their game invites
0	night time falls. im "corie latin" now. a man of intrigue. i place a bird feather into my glass of scotch and i never do posts ab
1	that bitch looked wierd 
0	can't tell if mexico has been impressive or if brazil has just been trash today
1	our professor said hoes and he said butt hurt... what a boss
0	if you enjoy hunting for sport, then you're trash. if you hunt for food, you deserve to starve.
0	goodbye x young dolph featuring trinidad james ; shy glizzy
1	bitch u guessed it
1	you a bitchthey need to lock yo ass up for sayin some stupid shit like that
1	subtweettweettweettweet cuz skinny niggah but my dick long
0	yeah that's where you're supposed to put the trash can.... rude
0	mad respect to affleck for refusing to wear a yankees cap, though as a sox fan wearing a mets cap probably irritated him too.
0	literally in the middle of the ghetto and these people look scary
1	bitches be like niggas ain't shit ... naw bitch maybe you just ain't shit
1	i beat that pussy up up up up
1	so yeah is the fucking best and i would really hate living if i didn't know her. my bad bitch appreciation pos
0	yo if you get like over 25 of flappy bird you need to do some self evaluation because you probably have no life
1	 this vodka be having all the hoes bent over
1	pink nipples are cute but some be looking nasty than a bitch 
1	scandal: a negro bed wench's fairy-tale and propaganda: via a must see for hebrew daughters of zion
1	i fucked up in the 6th gradeyeah bitch you wants to fight me with yo dawg ass
1	lmfaooooo which one of y'all toothless hoes made this? 
1	i be thiiiiiiis close to going real east side detroit on they monkey ass. but. i don't.
1	stfu bitch
0	i love when the birds are chirping in the morning patsgonnasubtweet
1	got like 4 hoes in my low pro
1	lol i told kenzie's bf i was going to stop cussing and he lol'd in my face like bitch u don't even know me
0	at all my ritz crackers. idk what to do with myself anymore.
1	muhammad ali. roy gracie out this hoe
1	(looks over at oomf) does pretending to have no bitches really work or nah?
1	*hoes
1	bond had the hoes and the money bourne kicked ass no gadgets hawk always let a bitch die
1	trust no player, fear no bitch.
1	damn rico ass hit that hoe on point 
1	yuu hinouchi gets fucked by two guys until she gets her pussycreamed
1	let's go pick up dat bitch she only 10 dollars lol" hml brogod
1	my ex bitch keep tryna be my next bitch.. when she called me tha other day i told her give it a rest bitch
0	now i have to clean up a dead bird and pieces of glass
1	5'3 200 lbs aint thick bitch, you a fucking warthog
1	only reason i wouldn't give it up is i ahve a fucking catalog on this bitch. arcade games were fire.
1	miley cyrus pussy probably taste like wet dog, she has a negative ass, and the bitch looks like justin bieber, she so ove
1	energy vampires all around this bitch.
1	that bitch called on thor for some strength.  wait...
0	charlie baker
1	my car so wet my bitch so wet when i drive i car pool
1	bitch you scared to let it off , yo daddy wasn't no dawg. yo mama had more heart than ya daddy bitch ass.
1	y'all females love y'all a bum nigga or a jail bird..
0	 my fault it sound like it fucc nicca
1	other than those the university and the white black and red ones .. the rest trash anyway. they just making shit up now
1	i'm 2 much for these niggas and 3 much for these hoes 
1	if a hoe is talking to your man, she's not the problem, he is. the fact that hoes feel welcomed reflects on how he acts behi
1	the club don't never get old to some of y'all hoes though.
1	don't want a good girl, hoes is his choice
1	they do the pussy good
1	how ugly bitches take selfies 
1	my hoes they do drugzzz
1	my knee won't let me wander around much so i just make a few trips and look at the fat girls-- redneck porn--wal-mart
1	as grandma used to say, "stop being a whiny little bitch and eat the fucking gluten".
1	if your pussy stink, you aint goin to heaven
1	bitch what. meet up at plano senior high school or vines i got some shit on my chest am going take it out on yall
1	a nigga could tell you he aint fucking with her but really do be , that's why you gotta ask . most of the time a bitch won't lie about that
1	smd bitch
1	so buy another round, they tried to shut us down bout an hour ago, but we still in this bitch. early not late follow
1	david is my bitch
1	y'all hoes so annoying 
1	its simple, dont be a hoe=dont worry about being exposed " fight me
1	i want attention yet she's on twitter talking about getting somebodies dick wet tonight and what her tongue does, deez hoes g
1	inmiddleschool i was fat as hell and was a band faggot. thank god i played sports after 6th grade and didnt stay in band
1	me ; my next bitch gone turn up on the fashion side. ; we ain't wearing nun of that designer shit. that shit basic af
1	im only cocky to hoes hmmm i wonder why prolyy cuz i dont fuck wit yall
0	just watched your video good stuff thought i'd let you in on the new boss boon says old character but will be surprise. it's argus
1	i always felt funny about a chick calling me daddy.it sound sexy and all but bitch you need to go and find your dad...
1	each time i do it for ya i make that bad pussy behave
1	you girls got no job, no college set up to have a better future, then get mad when a nigga leave you cause all you got is pussy
0	blessjesus the crown of his head to the sole of his feet
1	my daddy told me not to date a man with soft hands lol... either he doesn't do hard labor or he's a "faggot".
1	your still a little pussy tomcat 
1	also love angry old irish bartenders "pussies have one beer and ask for a glass of water, fuck them i ignore that shit"
1	im a different nigga...if the pussy good im not tryna fuck for no 20mins..im stopping, backing out it, anything i ca think of to last longer
0	king, ti vs tip and that troubleman albums all trash.
0	unexplainable
1	"you ain't gunna do shit spear chucker"
0	beautiful fairy elegant dress
0	new show announced in lutsen, mn at papa charlies on january 29, 2011
1	yo this freezing cold shit so lel n for the birds it crazy
1	treat good girls like a queen and treat hoes like garbage
1	you say waste a draft pick on manziel when we have mallet. that's why i'm telling you to delete your account. you're retarded
1	the english killed all the leprechauns. thank god. annoying little bastards.
1	i try to pass him up, get in carpool passing him he's just looking at me like i'm playing a game do i waved hi idgaf don't fuck w/ me bitch
1	finna hit this bitch with a handful of salt
1	never happen. too much republican redneck oil money. sad butt true. corruptamerica
1	i feel like a bad bitch when i wear my rhinestoned pocket jeans .
0	justice for british seagull spray-painted red by thugs the bird wont be able to fly anymore h
0	now infuriated jihadis are putting out murder requests on saudi fighter pilots who participated in the bombings in syria isis
1	the lady talking about i have to sit in this seat and i have 3 hours to piss like bruh i already tried twice, i can't fucking pee bitch
1	fuck "hostess to liquidate if bakers strike continues through thursday; end of twinkies..." -
0	thanks to cracker tweets today, my pilchards on krackerwheat are repeating on me like a typical night on the bbc :-/
1	if you curve me im just going to assume your pussy is trash and you were doing me a favor
1	mmm you still a hoe
1	bitch where u been
1	no bitch
0	after kuroda gave it his all putting up career numbers but getting no run support, the yankees don't deserve to get into the world series
1	this is marco's lotion, and he got mad that i told him that he smells like a bitch
1	i guess it's cool to just walk around with ya titties out in a see-thru top? shit.. if these hoes ain't trippin' how can i
1	hey i'm still on lambdamoo. (and it really is empty, nobody to talk to except that asshole bird...)
1	i ain't stressin you hoes. know dat 
1	i hate a bitch that acts like she can't be single. get your i need a man ass on
1	i know it ain't good, but these hoes gon' do what they wa-wa-waaaaannnnnt.
1	i think you fuckin wit the wrong niggah
1	if you call my mom a bitch, your getting knocked out.on mamas 
1	yea native and black proud then a bitch
1	sup fat bitch
1	ima boss ass bitch bitch bitch
1	we find turtle; we find the hoes
1	meow, bitches
1	in other words call you a bitch.
1	fuck a hot head pussy i gt a cold heart
1	don't lie to me bitch i'm giving you my heart
1	bitches stay in they feelings 
1	if i ever ate your pussy before and you fucked over 3 niggas before that let me know right now because you owe me $100 you dirty bitch
1	i see a real nicca when i look in the mirror
1	i rarely drink so drunk bitches irritate me
1	you can't cuff a hoe lmao
1	its bros ova hoes but wifey comes before ya bros
1	shut the fuck up, your wack as fuck. garbage mohawk having faggot, stop making music and shovel my snow scrub.
1	hennessey venom gt  that's one sexy bitch
1	 does sza have freckles on her pussy too?"
1	ion like him he annoying  i thincc he knows i don't too" that nigga a supa fag on dave
1	i hate when girls say "forever alone" like shut up your "forever a hoe" not forever alone so shut up before i get your dick breath on me
1	when your nigga passes you a hoe
0	i'll give you a baby zebra girl.
1	i just learned how many retards you can find when you search trending topics.
1	being a sober soul just wasnt interesting.. bitch im living 5spmg ggl
1	my dads side of the family is ghetto af, my moms side if the family all prim and proper. haha
1	kierstens a bitch. squid hands, squid hands
1	yeah way to block me fag your scared you go and hit girls how tough does that make you? tough enough to know i'd beat...
1	promise to love you and obey..and hit it more than once a day..girl i say that genuinely..fuck that bitch.. it's what you sayy
0	video: dont hurt yourself hits a jumper over a rookie, proceeds to talk trash ht
1	if you balling buy yo bitch somethin
1	you killed that hoe
1	my mom just bought a bunch of new sandles ; then chipped her toe nails now it's like world war 3 in this bitch
1	never will we be an item. psycho bitch
1	you home. niggaz in that bitch was some hoes yaknow" yazz i gotta do applewood n shit
1	davidpullsbitches tweetsomethingyougetalot go talk to all your other hoes
1	we all know dumb bitches like this
1	if yo hoe choose.. let her choose fuck her friend or her momma
1	my dumbass has a redskins mcnab jersey
1	low key miss you bitches
1	lmao i minds well be a hoe for all that  i ain't mean like that girl lol
1	then ya'll idolize kanye when he wifed up a hoe. lol
1	i just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch
1	- i'm jst fckn w/ you. i've always wanted to jigg hella good too. we jst not wild enough to be in the circle cuz.
1	if you ask me, every bitch gay not me i'm all sexual" wtf is all sexual? if you don't mind me asking
1	i can fuck yo bitch and you can't
1	sgp still in bitches dms
1	might buy your bitch a bag this weekend idk
1	i think its funny how hoes talk bout being faithful.
1	the black girl is lighter than every other bitch on here y'all needa stop playin, fuckin up darkskin girls' body image
1	we agree... do you? fuck yes, i do send those illegal, wetbacks home
0	for years two fan bases (unc and indiana) have said they do things "the right way" while uk and others are rogues. my ho
1	tired of little bitches messing with your plants? get your own gangster gladys
1	imma limit my association with these grade f bitches next year on my life just gone be me and a few ppl don't got time for the bs frfr
1	lol now all ya need is sum beacg bod abs pussy boy
1	not the type to take it slow, turn a good girl into a hoe. spookyblack
1	i almost ran this fine red bitch over.
0	*goes to yankee candle* *buys beer scented candle* *goes home, lights it* *waits for a boyfriend*
1	all i ask for is love n loyalty. . nothing else. no arguing over other bitches/niggas , no he say she say , no social media bs... just love
1	k bitch
0	huh.....last 10 games..tampa 8-2/balt 7-3/yanks 6-4...and they lost their best pitcher. please explain your logic.
1	stop respecting women who admit to having a hoe phase
1	columbus found america and we killed some injuns sincethecubswonaworldseries
1	a bird just smacked right into my car window. my parked car window  scared the fuck outta me
0	cute dumb females trash.
1	too fast for the feds, too cocky for the cops.. had to ditch my old bitch, gettin sloppy wit the pots
1	you're a stupid fucking bitch
1	remember that one bitch ass you ate out last week
1	you're not a man if you refer to every girl as a bitch"
1	giving you that trailer park trash. transformthursday ladykimora vegasqueens vegasshowgirls
1	nobody cares about kirk bosley noi care bout my cousin hoe
1	no one wants an ugly nigga, so you've got him all to yourself. no more stressing over hoes &lt;- lies
1	fucking bitches throwing thots
1	trainer lady is a bitch, shook my hand made me promise her i'ma study for a test tomorrow, and idk i don't like her she's trying to break me
1	never take a bitch where you stay never keep work where you lay
1	i color my entire arm black with a sharpie and fist my wife's asshole just so she knows what a nigger dick feels like.
0	this is my female grand champion jesse. she heard a bird outside.
1	i be teaching bitches how to clear the bong mon
1	"i love cripples look at all these fucking cripples goddamit i'm a people person"
0	is dare any colored players in hockey?
1	and theyre retarded as fuck in general with their insults. hope they fall off with aw, but the csgo scene is growing so idk.
1	i know all those pacer fans who stayed clownin d. rose are all on mass suicide watch now... karma is a fat bitch wit a beard 
1	am i the inly one seeing austin rivers out play bitch ass tonite?
0	blessjesus yes,felt..and touched the soles of the humanity with stains and impressions that only leaves its reflections.
1	me and peter have always been slaying these hoes
1	preparing to be called a "nigger" all night.. i mean play cod all night. advancedwarfaredayzero
1	see  ima stop  getting on this here twitter arguing with you hoes......stupidity is a trait that i dont not fuck with 
1	life aint shit but bitches and money
1	' ma niggah alsina be doin his thang .
1	and i really be thuggin wtf i look like hanging around some lil chipotle jamba juice ass bitches like  
1	let one of them dingy real nigger dogs catch it. miss torah dont want that thot shit
0	my twitter app is poo trash.
1	mentionadislike hoes thinkin they bad even if they are i will tell her "bitch calm down u average"
1	good riddance bitches 
1	your bf is broke bitch
1	bitch we them boys
1	' fucking on the first night don't make you a hoe  .
0	someone please bring me goldfish crackers
1	watching the nigger movie menace2society. trying to learn more about the enemy. good reconnaissance.
1	wow my dad just racked me what a fag
1	via "eat ice kevinsmith" if i'm eating anything tonight, woman? it's pity-pussy. make it better in a ...
1	oh shit its still light out.. i've been in this bitch too long 
1	we're a good match cuz we both retarded...n weed
1	i've had to do it in multiple classes. ain't really that rare. also, don't call your teacher a bitch on twitter.
1	swag bitch gratata
1	i was lucky to be sensible and i've never had a fag or a drug. i'm pleased about that statistic. yes i have a beer but that's all.
1	wtf did this bitch do? 
1	i won't do nothin with the bitch she can't even get me hard
1	aids ain't all dat bad. you can become da hoe and do da crack and ain't gonna make no difference anyhow
1	do it then pussy
1	mmy nigga flavio said deuces hoe
1	me bitch
1	yeah, i seen you tweet about bitch ; block. i used it...it fits
1	somebody couldve been like "aye man you dropped your money" but nooooooo fucking broke faggots selfish bastards i hate yall
1	ain't no money or no hoe in the world can spoil it  mybrotherskeeper
1	girls favorite line  "go talk to yo hoes" 
0	i cannot express how infinitely better the book is to this trash.
1	nahh bitch yu always playn yu almost got her feelings hurt
1	my dick is called nintendo cartridge because bitches blow it before they stick it in.
1	i think pats trying to say his pussy is too bombed....idk
1	it goes from "baby" to "hoe", " i love you" to " fuck you i hate you", " i need you" to " fuck off" from " you're my eve
1	painting bitches on rooftops, b/c bitches love rooftops
1	at least put a caption when stealing the pic fag lol
1	be mean or rude to my little sister again and i'll kick your ass. it applies to all of you little snooty bitches. k thanks.
0	that wasn't as bad, though drawing conclusions about "white america" based on a 1,000 person poll is a slippery slope.
1	then he just got too basic. ; the hoes loved it... from then on he made them his focal audience.
1	now the title bitch doesn't apply to all women, but all women have a lil bitch in em
1	bout to smoke a 3.5 n dis bitch .. pollution
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | japanese | young japanese girls hairy cunt creampied
1	why was jorge zimmerman arrested? do prosecutors have a witness that saw zimmy attack traytray? are they afraid of the hoodie pussies?
0	the shines its lights in yankees pinstripes in honor of derek jeter. farewellcaptain
1	naw u just retarded kinfolk lol
1	carl try eat the pussy but that big ass nose be fucking shit up
1	ion trust no bitch
1	uhhh bitch
1	dumb hoes out here moving at a snails pace in life...im coo
1	"i prolly leave up out this bitch with my cups in my hand and yo hand in my other hand."
1	news flash: obama won the election and increase their numbers in congress. stop with the bullshit already and compromise bitches
1	pick one the girl behind the bar who ain't being a hoe
1	iknow a couple mf that does this, there favorite line i wouldnt do that thats young. bitch stopp ' your young minded
1	i can turn a hoe into a housewife. cause i know how to love. thats all their missing.
1	where'd you get the beauty scar tough guy, eating pussy .. scarface
1	well he is at genos. so he is the ultimate faggot
1	if you ain't sucking dick, why you sitting there with puckered lips? that's collagen, muhfuckin bitch
1	it pissrs me tf off when i call you back a half a second later nd you dont answer. you a bitch ass nigga for that
1	when his hoes thought it was over:
1	tweeting about ur boyfriend won't get him off xbox live that nigga gotta 24 kill streak rn bitch shut up
1	a tall tee n sum slouch shoes on i could've fucc yo bitch
1	bitches love beefing over a nigga that's always in other bitches faces.
1	"shake that bear ... aka two rednecks having sex on a dead bear"
0	great weather to hit up the slopes this weekend... ; open saturday cowx skiseason ht
1	this bitch looks like a tranny tho.
1	lmaooo the cleveland g00n sent drose to hell last night in his own home and this faggot disappeared
1	i wanna see some ass clapping, legs shaking, i wan see a bitch get on they head fa dese beats...
1	wait what?? $65 a random number for some pussy.
1	oh you want pho? well saimigi is ghetto pho, eat that shit since im broke
1	yeah, what a bitch, eh? life sucks. everyone should have the equal opportunity to lose their shirt in divorce court.
1	fluffy is a retard homeboy is calling a baby rattlesnake friend and kissing him baby rattlers will kill you man 
0	15 sad tv character deaths we're still bitter over... stark was the man
0	isis supporters in america: the jihadis next door
1	at least i say im crazy...some nigga gotta find out a bitch wild when she shooting at they ass 
1	i had the boldest side hoes, come out to me i front of my girl nd start touchin a nigguh
1	love my bitches
1	yall say "why you dating lil girls" like mature hoes just on a rampage outside.
1	don't be fooled i kickit with niggas and bitches older then you so . . .
1	broke hoes 3 words "out my face"
1	you're irrelevant, bitch
0	stopwhitepeople 9 cases of west nile virus infections reported in orange county this year; 105 dead birds found carrying virus
1	whole time your bitch on the phone moaning in me and my bitch ear though..
1	awwww my niggar thank you so much sure means a lot 
1	one thing about it .. i'm a loyal a$$ nicca
1	those hoes aint loyal
1	lol bitches from riverside to la ahah
1	fat trel that niggah 
1	it's all they know you bitches never gonna b happy following these social sites
1	dont talk to your hoe that way
1	i hate it when a bitch know i don't fuck with her ; she really trying to talk to me like we cool nahh bitch foh you don't 
1	nothing will stop a hoe from going to the club.
1	in 2014 i'm resolved to perfect my bitch face.
1	nope btw you's a hoe lol
0	practically got arrested tonight, not allowed on utampa grounds for a year now... fml im retarded
1	just knowing u can still go out and bag some bitches is good enough for me.... the headace that comes with bagging summ
1	no bitch hurry up lolim so hungry i can't focus
1	trey songz album is about being a single hoe ass nigga lol
0	this cold we have going around our little hick town had about everyone i know locked in their houses for better than a week. stay well
1	have you heard guala shit featuring: chase-da-doe,r.o.m.e.,and the boy big by joseph chase rinche on soundcloud?
1	that nigga tannehill trash lmao dolphins trash
1	' my baby mama trippen and that bitch can shoot  .
1	all i see down my tl is naked white bitches 
1	is there a vending machine around this bitch im starvin
1	proudly a racist. u dumb nigger
1	if miley really got knocked up by juicy j that shit is wild....  didn't he say "u say no to ratchet pussy juicy j can't"
0	racist texas trash gwbush came to wh numb remember he and republicans stole the election
0	isn't that kind of saying the braves won't make it to the world series? lol
1	look at this nigger ass nigger shit right here
1	every slant in losangeles should be deported. those scum have no right to be here. chinatown should be bulldozed.
0	burritos are trash
1	i'm on my straight grizzly so why would i buy you a gay ass teddy bear, bitch? you're already bi-polar
1	she wanna talk shit.. but then have a friendship .. fuck you bitch and i hope u offended
1	my ears look good  hoe in yo background
1	like, when you're a hoe, how do u sleep at night?
1	son of a bitch i can't wait till baseball is back. americaspasttime
0	lmao the shovel video is pretty awesome, she went down like a ton of bricks lol. gotta love honky riff raff savages. that is all.
0	off to the east of your current location, on an east-facing slope (dry side of a dry place).
1	tony romo in my top10qbs bitches
1	yea, it looks fag-like
1	 you've been a good as friend to me , glad i got your honkie ass. let's fuck shit up this year
0	jihadis betting on public protests in britain to force uk gov out of the anti-isis coalition
1	the way i see it.... you bitches are fake by affiliation ..
0	british jihadi mother who wants to be first female executioner is mi6's most wanted
1	idk let's do some redneck shit. ask samuela.
1	anytime somebody say u wan hear a funny that shit gon be trash..
1	i can give you some of my clothes so you can look like a cute dyke
1	shut up faggot, no one cares
1	reasonswhywedontgetalong you're a hoe. stop focusing on sucking dick, focus on getting rich
1	niggas be on pussy shit
1	eat yo pickles bitches
1	all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe.
1	i lose ovo followers every year. 100 bitches unfollowed me because of my "hold on we're going home" rants. a hoe athem is a hoe anthem
1	im never cuffin unless my bitch grown or act grown. i can't deal wit lil girls nbs
1	don't make me pull out the pokeflute hoe
1	the only time of year i'll bitch about not having cable: when "hocus pocus" comes on. fml
1	play me about twice? aye, im a pyhscopathic cunt. you're dead.
0	i never did those games, but i was obsessed with angry birds. which is why it took me so long to do ccs. i was scared. lol
1	i just wish i had a girlfriend to come home to after a long night of fuckin wit bitches in the club
1	you a bitch nigga
1	turk a hoe y'all....
1	 no pressure hoe
1	that son of a bitch moment when you turn the radio on and your favorite song is on but its the end of the song
1	got hit on by a 70 yr old cripple...; thinking, even if i were to accept your sexual advances there wouldn't be much you could do about it.
1	she made fun of a suicide attempt. mellie ain't that bitch to fuck with this season
1	did you just call my sweet baboo a ho??
0	if they trash in yr 3 or 4 he'll waive it lol
1	ezra miller, an openly queer male, is playing the flash, making him the first openly queer male to play a lead superhe
1	bitch nigga dont get all but hurt
1	i'll keep all comments to myself about tho.... i'll just laugh about it with my nigs
1	you ah lien ass hoe
1	congrats on being a cunt, and doing your make up worse than a 12 year old. ugly bitch
0	muslim jihadi fighters book tickets on cruise ships to syria and iraq
1	both y'all pussy son beat it
1	two hoes? y'all know what we are? "
1	money can't buy you love so i don't pay for no pussy
1	hahahaha when her pussy better than you expected it to be
1	all these hoes fucking, but they don't want to seem like a hoe so you gotta hit em on the low.
0	leave it up to me it would've been in the trash.... all of it.
1	selena mothered these hoes
1	when that message say "delivered" but you see him posting sc story's with all his hoes
1	fat white bitch an a skinny po' black nigga......yeah im in metairie fa sho....
1	 i love salad anyway fuck you hoes, eat a salad.
1	i heard you wit that bitch that everybodyyyyy fuckingggggg
1	holy fuck. white bitch with "4 baby daddy" straight goes "who uses condoms anyways" bitch maybe you should so you'd stay outta the clinic
0	time for ranger scouts to head out and watch some yankee prospects. rangers
1	the little bitch told me sloppy top was a hoppy that's when she gave me sloppy toppy like the sloppy toppy goddess
1	i try to keep all my bitches on lay away same way i feel
1	funniest one lmfaoooo "swag bitch"
1	tf is a baby goal? bitch u gone have what you gone have. baby goals 
1	tryna be sumbody cinnamon apple now i cant trust any bitch wit pussy that taste like cinnamon apple
0	a silent protest in philadelphia, performance artists protest the murder of mike brown while passerby's mock it.
1	but that's what you call white trash with money
1	finna fly me a thot out here get back on my make bitches fly like peter pan shit.
0	grinding yankees
0	enjoy it,i'm happy for you,but i hate the yankees,and yes the sox did choke
1	i ain't even know white girls had good pussy like dat eitha lbvs they winnin too
1	when you and your friend are talking and that bitch y'all heavily don't fuck with walks past
0	surrender of divinity - conquerors of the apocalypse: via &gt;oriental black metal hell
1	bitch i told you to hit me when you got back
1	with yo twatching ass bitch
1	&lt;--- trash at it's finest ladies if you post a picture and don't get at least 15 niggas to favorite it then you t
1	that's a bitch. i have no desire to see that much bullshit hahahaha
1	happy birthday my little cotton picker
1	a beam of light descended from the heavens a loud voice said fuck her right in the pussy many lives were changed that day
1	top 3 lies girls tell on twitter 1. my dms don't work 2. why is my twitter unfollowing people 3. i'm not a hoe
1	i googled her number and found she was a hoe
0	smoking isnt a game you could get killed monkey see monkey dooo don't smoke if your not a smoker y'all are the reason ...
0	appropriately this guy wears the wv yellow rick james on his face.
0	glory isaiah mom asked me if i wanted a brownie i said, no thanks she said what are fasting,
1	only negro to keep adding baby fat as they got older.
1	rich homie and bird man gone be at mansion lan tonight " some niggas got fuckd up by the bouncers when i w
1	hey cunt, i miss you. 
1	damn this bitch nasty lol
1	if she makes a good sandwhich and she give a good blowy, wife dat hoe up. that way you can eat while she eatting
1	nigga yu bitch made 
1	nothin much cousin touching white trash wigger wannabe bitch boy dick sucking fucking gay bitch
1	that bitch is hella cranky today. someone hand her a joint.
1	i'm a vet ryan. tk rocks you're just a useless geek. oh, and you have a face like a bitch.
1	lol whatever. we're fags.
1	i think this nigga retarded g
1	nun fucking bitches getting money
1	i just wanna get lifted ; fuck exotic bitches
0	i prefer zebra visually. didn't know about lesser costs.
0	he trash tbh startmikevike
1	you bitch ass nigga
1	these bitches be sending shots but be missing me ian been yet you cant be dissing me
1	hoe ass nigga 
1	want me to stamp bitches be saying anything to be down 
1	i like my bitches bad wit a lil attitude
0	rick scott vs. charlie crist is the worst gubernatorial election in america, and it's the face of our ugly future.
1	all i got for these hoes is dick, duct tape, and a stapler.
1	if this bitch new the amount of shit i spoke bout her on my twittah lol
1	i hate when people call me "mate". were not in england you fucking twat
0	best behaved kids ever at mommy's commercial audition. oreo mcflurries for everybody proudmom
1	 guiltypleasure watching niggers fight on youtube/vine/ig
0	draft drinking game: chug a beer everytime you see a black woman crying.
1	haha same here bitch is trippin brokeass
0	everything jay-z writes is trash.
1	lesbian pussy taste like rainbow trout lezzzbehonest
1	pussy niggas don't get no pussy nigga
1	my dad goes son of a bitch and just lights a cigarette in the kitchen... oh
1	detroit nicca but i'm good in the a
1	ain't trusting no bitch or no nigga... hoe or no sucka
0	yeah i know it's jeff's book. the one where he admits to beating prisoners and lying abo
1	didnt you propose the brilliant idea of college students packing heat? you are a savant dumbass teabaggers
0	mr president ; homeland security, please ignore any foreign threats and focus your sole attention on our police force acab landofthefree
1	the facts on tattoos...tattoo he's a pussy with not tattooing them nipples
1	she like "bitch you know i got next, yasss"
1	no that really happens ? who doesnt like it when a random bad bitch hits you up just to s
1	if you know a guy has a newborn baby why the fuck are you trying to talk to him? desperate ass hoe
1	good morning monday i have my truck money full tank and i didn't do any homework. your my bitch monday
1	faggot
1	you still ugly then a hoe and you still look like muffie off arthur 
1	bitch that doesn't even make any sense bitch.
1	some niggah said sugapuss to me lastnight 
1	what you bitches fail to realize is these niggas don't really be moving on  they still be fucking with that same bitch 
0	perhaps ezra miller is the first crack toward changing that, regardless of whether he identifies as queer over gay.
0	i ignore birds
1	bitches hold they nigga down when he get locked up... but if a nigga go to college or the military it's a different story. "
1	annnnd you're a dyke. 
1	y'all folks basic , ya parents both racist , i'm lawyering these hoes out here , beatin cases
1	says the pedophile promoting dolt. lmao teabagger
1	indirect ass little bitches, like you know my fucking number and where i live.
1	yo bitch lookin like she wana fuck summn
1	lol niggas still be talking about me threw bitches smh
1	white girls date black guys who hate black culture and they let their stupid ass white girlfriends talk shit and say nig
0	that's not ghetto. that's sweet and a movie quote. try again
0	inners still hanging in. yankees we need this win. nfl. it's not sunday
1	dude i had a video of these birds at my work fuckin
1	if luke hemmings really thinks they're trash, i must be fucking dirt bc you boys are beautiful dammit
1	this bitch brought her toothbrush. okay?
1	no, you don?t have ?haters?. people just don?t like you. get over yourself hoe.
1	on the low, wassup with you hoe?
1	i'm on my way to the gym already but thx bitch
1	me too i'm finna look for tht hoe...but shiiiid...i know sumptin bout a (cont)
1	i'm too much of a bitch to say anything about that
1	still a bitch though
1	these bitches man they love to harass
1	when niggas gimme their mixtape and it's trash yeet fatality
1	i know right so much retard
1	someone told me cuz some ppl like to use it as bitch some females don't like being calles female but meh *shrugs*
1	does sza have freckles on her pussy too?
1	i love you hoe hahahhaa  uglyass
0	okay cool then i'm not the only one  mine is black and fuzzy and it has pink on the back in all sparkles  hallelujah
1	i wish twitter had a "stalk this bitch" button
1	lmao if u live wit ya girl and u do dishes u a faggot
1	i'm about to jog higher this stupid bitch ass hoe
0	and we all fell asleep
0	here we go brownies here we go woof woof
1	aint wcw jus "bitches i wan fck" day?
1	dude fucking mono sucks and my bed is trash
1	lmao nvm that's right bitch go drink some warm milk and go to bed
1	yawl chicks love being side bitches  bitches now days be having dreams ; aspirations of being a step mom 
1	faggots are merely a scientific indicator that something is wrong&gt; do not celebrate as "unique indiviuals" for they are cancer&gt;
0	dearfuturehusband you have no idea how many brownie points you will get i you randomly play with my hair or scratch my 
1	"..the nig.."? ok, you're the big time shit talker on twitter no name, no face, no info
1	i got all these hoes starin when i walk thru
1	u still fuck with your old bitch?  disrespectful like shit
1	if she know yo name way before you meet her, then dat bitch a eatta
1	i witnessed ace hoe soo many niggas at the gardens growing up  i'm talking strong armed hoein too 
1	photo: no filtering bitches.  turntup webad wepretty gayvegas rupaulsdragrace barb minaj...
1	life is ya professor better know that bitch is gone test ya
1	  bring it bitch
1	life's a bitch ; then you die
1	or you gotta pay some bills cause pussy ain't free ummmm dick ain't free neither can you pick this tab up please thank you
1	volnation bitch
1	6:07 am .. bout to match up wit dis nicca donnydinero
1	quit being a pussy
1	bitch ass
1	ain't the bitch mimi still wit gay ass nikko????
1	 them bitches need a tan
0	which expendable player can we put in with the sole objective of breaking beverley's jaw?
1	only fw bad bitches iont do no mediocre...
1	y'all ever just been having a normal day and your mind plays a horrible trick on you and give you a whiff of some good pussy
1	who is this we..? i dont love hoes
1	freeballoutpartypart3 bitch it's going 3 mo weeks
1	lmao post away about this "bitch" i've seen all the memes the word has to offer in regards to me i honestly don't care.
1	it's a band negro
1	if you really know me, you know all the problem i go through with all these hating ass bitches.
1	"you put my number on blocklist? how can i stop this??? convert them mfs. i'll make all them hoes topless." 
0	they got david taking out the trash 
1	not as sick as you muzzie trash
1	playas fuck up too lmao but that's like on trash forreal you a crazy one i see 
1	should have fucked that bitch up
1	had a crush on a bitch with a man i tried to show her that i could treat her better but i never had no luck
1	gotta bitch with some church's chicken thighs
1	shit like this is retarded.
1	fuck east st john and all they fans, familys , ; friends shut yo bitch ass up
1	the heat will make you wanna put hands on a niggah 
1	so basically i reflected a lot on how for now, i make fire my bitch day to day.
0	baseball season for the win. yankees" this is where the love started
1	one of your side chicks came up 5k them bitches know where i live i be hiding from my cuz
1	you still fuckin with a sorry ass nigga that makes you a sorry ass bitch mimi notsorry
1	young jezzy dat nigguh
1	huntley high school is the most retarded high school ever.
1	i got these 5 dominican hoes that randomly hit me up every so often ; can't tell if they like me or tryna rob me.
1	so proud of mahanain  she still a hoe tho
0	i think i'll have salad bar for lunch today. gotta make up for the birthday brownies somehow... lasthurrahthendietstarts
1	i definitely cant fw a nigga that associates himself wit bitches i dont fw  tf you fuccing goofball 
1	just smokin that cali smoke and fuckin your bitch wbu
1	just got his pussy kicked, he's out, done, wins, per fox news.... election2014 tcot gop teaparty p2
1	naw my fam aint no bitch made niggas, gtf off my shit fuck nigga im not your fam oh friendly ass nigga
1	saw some bitch texting and driving so i rolled down my window and hucked my beer at her. johnny fuckin patrol keeping t
1	these bitches irri.. irri irri..irri irri
1	these niggas be actin like bitches
1	that hoe wanta 6/6.
1	bitch
1	only we would cut our best tight end and resign a trash nigga who can't make a play to save his life
1	being pussy-whipped
1	most black hoes at prom looked like
1	follow a nicca on ig: im_yung_jay
1	damn i wanted to buy that bitch that shit was tough
1	i ain't got no pussy or weed, i'm on that bitch suck my dick diet
1	winking emoji? i'm about to fuck her right in the pussy
1	and ima dream about 4 fat bitches stuck in a mini van on a hot summer day
1	bitch what?
1	bitch ass arod or shorty dont hit me back up
1	fuck this mexican bitch she talks too much, she thinks she's an ivy league scholar.
0	eagles fans dont except the fact that mcoy been trash this year and that everybody figured out that spread offense stopit
1	might need you to pummel a bitch 
1	hey send me your songs i need to put them hoes on a cd and bang em when i ride around
1	this bitch takes bitch to another level
1	who cares tbh ones a shitty dirty argentino ; the other is a feather fisted nigger
1	hmu when you stop bein a lil bitch
0	you may cry after watching the derek jeter ad:
1	heres a thought you dont have a valentine bc your a mean ugly bitch haha
0	cause i'm as free as a bird now, and this bird you can not change 
1	not "us bitches" 
1	you can't take no ones bitch.
1	my tryna make me go to church tommrow .. he'll nawl dude bitch text me back
0	suddenlink is trash. y'all know how important bubble guppies is to our day?
1	' all jokes aside , i'm goin thru it a niggah heart hurt smh .  .
1	this bitch just said id suck your dick if it was legal to my cat
1	"youre becoming a real bitch on this car ride." - john on me not caring whether or not fountains of wayne makes money on tour
1	my advice of the day: if your a tranny.....go fuck your self
1	a girlfriend would be cool but pussy is all they got nowadays *
1	woke up the next morning like "why in thee fuck did i donate my cheese to these skank hoes" 
1	beefin ova bitches trade ya clip for pom poms
1	hahahaha fucking pussies
1	haha noo bitch now  stop playing games hoe 
1	girls be tripping with that "you got hoes" shit, i do know other girls that are my friends
1	chill cuz you'll regret it bro, your hitting that hoe rn why quit?
1	a lot of cool bitches that a nigga went to school with was major hoes ... and they man don't know
1	so i made "hey" as a short cut for "pussy lips" in ann's phone
1	happy birthday bitch
1	you a lil bitch man,keep my name out to mouth. that's all ima say. shhh
0	im telling you man roethlisberger got his record expunged and became trash.
1	he called a nigger
1	both you boys need some pussy, damn.
0	my nips are cold 
1	you trash tho edgewood basketball court now
1	unfortunately, i love her the most tho thats ur hoe too?
1	now let me write your mom since i have her address ; let her know her daughter is in miami selling pussy for $85 
0	wow. no yellow yet? = pagenaud and marco screwed. maybe no yellow coming
1	japanese babe maria ozawa gets her asian pussy fuckedhard
1	all these faggots posting faces about to get the hot unfollow
1	i dont een tryna be disrespectful when i say bitch. its just a term, like bruh or son
0	i want some monkey bread 
1	he tweet like a bitch broke his heart
1	tim's a pussy
1	i bet you are, faggot.
0	charlie and i:) love that dog:)
1	you a hoe for that i'm rolling 
0	charlie clips vs yung ill review
1	i kno this bitch a thot she wanna meet my momma now
1	follow my nigga cg_bugatti niggaz hated nd flagged his possibly fucked ya bitch that's why y'all
1	still really confused re humplayproblems i think lucricus is a fag dagger
1	i was hangin' on them corners late pockets wasn't straight, bitch i ain't gon make it at this rate, dawg.. know what i'm sayin?
0	any solution to zog which doesn't deal with demographics - only laws - is no solution. northwestimperative
1	i put lotion on bitch ass nigga
1	aww their avis look so cute together  " do i gotta get ike avi on this bitch ?
0	sweet jesus morningjoe are you going to split screen rep james clyburn ; charlie daniels at the same time? morningjoe
1	getting called ugly by a bitch that use to idolize you.  ohhhh well okay... 
1	talkin brokanese, i took yo bitch and broke her knees
0	 ghetto ass mofos
1	this bitch instating and driving... for me
1	finna make a power move wit a bitch taxes we both gone be straight long as she do wat i told ha
1	yasss bitch yass
1	a nicca got some crazy head last night 
1	yung berg trying to fuck all these hoes.
1	mannn.. we had hoes like that wen i was in school.. they all had babies" da
1	niggaz irrational these days...quick to jump bad bout a bitch...
1	trash both ways lol bitch killed herself....look like bill maher with makeup on
1	all the main bitches are getting kicked to the curve lol
1	i hate when old bitches wear clothes these young hoes be wearing, like stay yo ass in yo age group
1	worst thing a bitch can do bitches main reason for being in another nigga face is to get they nigga jealous .  wack .
1	kill this beaner
0	facebook is for the birds...i'm over it
1	yeah that niggah played good, lowkey i wanted brazil to win
0	i didn't really have one, was aware of yankees, but always loved dodgers uniform
1	them shits ugly hoe. ......... all these nuggets ; u still actin chicken.
1	it is my god given right to have white bitches
1	oomf got hella hoes 
1	steve found out you can't call taiquaniesha a "stupid fuckin cunt" like you can w becky
1	fuck u bitch
0	posted a new song: ""guala"" music
1	next person i see tweeting that bitch shitting on herself im unfollowing you
1	when you go through her phone and find out she a hoe
1	some girls think being a bitch and having an attitude is attractive. who tf made you think that??
1	lol what a fake bitch
1	i tell you anything on this bitch i better get a thank you. fuck wrong w/ you dumb ass i wanna be famous ass 3 mixtapes cant r
1	can bitches at least wait till it's their bday month to put that shit up? damm yall stingy
1	stop gassing up these regular ass bitches
1	lmao bitch know we stand there everyday 
1	its so unfair that the hoes get to dress up as hoes for halloween.
1	i see y'all  which one of y'all side bitches made this 
1	i need a new bitch
0	let the coons be great it's in the dream
1	slide up on a bad bitch/dat bitch look good
1	my boy is obviously gonna be slaying all the pussy tonight, dressed as a ninja turtle
1	he don't even follow his bitch 
1	you can't be ugly and a shitty fucking person. pick a struggle bitch.
1	it's only a few real bitches i know.
1	mostly move ya dumb bitch haha
1	nappy chin hairs, bitch i'm mothafuckin q
1	me n niccas ya type neva exchange 's .. wanna talk down n still gain from us
1	some bitches need to get a life 
1	ali is a hoe for that
0	when twitter rappers dm me their trash links
1	on the northside wildbills with come up on a check  left that hoe alone 
1	denial is a bitch youresilly
1	all a nicca want is some coney island and lous deli tho detroitniccainatlantaproblems
1	it's money over bitches even though i love ladies
1	lmfao watching brokeback mountain with taylor cuz we've both never seen it aha queers
1	i"m the mother fuckin" ugly&gt; badguy&gt; bitches&gt; eliwallach type shit breakingbad is a joke about noose rigs leevancleef sports&gt;
1	facebook is for fags
1	a guy claiming to be republican called c-span news and said "republicans hate that nigger obama"
1	i don't buy pussy cuz it's free bitch i buy lacs
1	since bitches love callin me by my ex girlfriends names so much ima start callin them the names of niggas they fucked
1	you're an annoying cunt
1	lmao definitely not  i was bout to say don't front bitch that shit a freeway
1	yaaaas bitch yaaaaaas
1	quit hoggin the blunt bitch
1	new pussy ain't always better
1	yeah, i'm so annoying until you need something...bitch fuckfriendzones i don't play that shit, fuck with my heart and i'll make you wish
0	monkey see monkey do really abu
1	bradshaw ain't no hoe
1	there you go acting like a hoe 
1	i fuck alien bitches, demon and angel bitches, a couple of centaur bitches, got really drunk and fucked a dragon chick a couple times..ughhh
1	'damn you, whitey' you'll get a kick out of the 'newest form of white privilege'
1	this is so fucking hot scally sneakersex sockfetish sniff trainersex love me some kinky scallies
0	cookies and crackers aren't even on the same level
1	hoes find a way to hoe...... no matter what
1	"eff it. let's go after the cripple."
1	go be cunt somewhere else
1	i'm about to push this niggah off my seat trying to squish me and shit
1	nd these hoes all kno i'm workin wit a 9 i ain't talking bout a gun i'm talking feel it in ya spine
0	i just noticed you guys called me a jiggaboo
1	lol, always with the complaining and crying. just like when jeezy broke up with you cause your a moaning old bitch.
1	yeah he a bitch 
1	hoes twerking heavy to that
1	passing up on mad hoes just to give him what he want
0	always thought golden oreos were the same as original oreos but oh my god i just climaxed
1	the lit bitch that's was talkin shit ain't in math class today  i really wanted to press my issue
1	hoe
1	negro please...i got a job now lmao
1	lmfao putting on for twitter i see fat bitch
1	i love girls who aren't afraid to encourage or compliment the next chick.. bitches hate so much now that's it's refreshin
1	this student call me to bitch about her grade. i tell homegirl i'm seeing an assignment here as not submitted.
1	stick to hockey faggot. you're finished
0	incase any hillbillies try to roast... 
1	fb hoe loldamn next time be nicer . lmfao
1	i can't stand an ex that won't let go like bitch get a life ain't nobody stuntin yo ass
1	prince, this is art. nobody takin his bitch
0	homemade angel food, yellow cake with half-inch chocolate frosting, devil's food to die for, pecan pie
1	come back hoe
1	just passed my ex's neighborhood and came across the thought that, in the end, i was the side bitch.
1	happy birthday pops aka old negro spiritual aka the man who said i was an accident. 64 never looked so
1	glad none of my followers can say they fucked noway + yall hoes really make this a goal...
1	wen yu see uh bad bitch n wanna holla say ayyy
1	not associate but ya nicca
1	honestyhour no bitch better try to fuck with my girl cause i will go off
1	lock that bitch too keep the heat out shut the front door
1	thewhite coward is pussy
1	random hoe: so i heard.. me:
1	30 bottles 30 bitches
1	shawty wanna charge for pussy but i'm like whoa now turnt her on to cash she use to fuck for free
1	on god my bitch bad
1	ok, i gotta cut this carl thomas album off b4 i call my ex ; say fuck u u ruthless bitch. lol
1	roberts is a fuckin fag smack the shit outta him
0	here's your first look at charlie cox as matt murdock in marvel's on netflix nycc
1	it's october babe, you don't have to be a hoe anymore.
1	goes ape shit on my ass like nigggga tf you doin i hust saved yo life so i pushed her ass into the the wall then she calmed down again
1	i wanna eat the fuck u talking bout then bitch
1	duh bitch
1	you won't have to herd for hoes no more lol lmao i hope not this shit schressful
1	my bitch remy stuck in 06 
1	you could fuck my bitch , lemme fuck yo bitch  
1	i love you and bitches love me.
1	these bitches crazzzyyyyyy
1	i look in the mirror and see a pussy ass bitch that sits down when he pees.
1	these bitches need to get out of bed and i'll make them cheeseburgers (: imahomie
1	these young cats being drafted in the nba today are walking lotto tickets wait till these niggas find out that pussy come
0	hold all your ghetto labeled and endorsed vodka brands, you can rum me silly any day. shivermetimbers
0	mississippi state fans are the best to just mock. it's so easy. poor state. it's hard getting wins against top 25 opponents. failstate
1	nah he pussy he won't
1	my mom seen my progress report ; was like so wtf is up wit this b bitch wtf do you not see them 7 a's  tf she just ungreatful 
1	but at the same time she hates me so i don't wanna trust her bitch ass
1	"1, 2, 3, 4, how many niggers are in my store? i knowwww you're stealing" 
1	that bitch said her pussy pops severely thoe 
1	pussy
1	don't be afraid to let your feelings show. unless you're a bitch.
0	rt: thank you, captain. it'll never be the same. jeter2
1	knee asscrow ass
1	where the hoes at...
1	karmas a bitch and so are you. you'll be getting along just fine real soon.
1	hahaha this dude on my timeline says bitch in every tweet.hahaha i'm rollin at some of them lol
1	gator needs his gat punk ass bitch
1	lmao that nigga was about to go beethoven on that bitch 
1	me loving a hoe is ah no no
1	that's how rednecks erecycle.
1	joe changed her life and went back to his old bitch ha.. she got them bitches worked o
1	mom why can't u just accept me for the bad bitch i am
1	 real rap fucked that bitch lay up for the day that's really disrespectful like bitch u couldn't feel the throw up coming
1	bout to get a breasts reduction these bitches be in the wayso serious
0	yeah..cause if anyone thinks this clown went to to buy oreos is as stupid as all of them look
1	slander don't exist when you make her cum. every bad thing she says doesn't register, cuz you got the pussy.
0	an coaches dont put them in positions to be successful, the offensive struggles can all be put on gardner, program is trash
0	2013faves snoop and justin are having so much fun at this charlie wilson tribute betawards
1	"smoking weed is so unattractive" haha i was trying to get high bitch i'm not trying to turn you on.
1	i thought that bitch was trynna line me
1	choate chokes on twinkies&gt; all the damn time i bet. lol cardinals
1	teacher: you had all weekend to do you homework me: uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life..
0	oreo speedwagon fatbands
1	answer you phone hoe, i heard boutcha
1	i wasn't born last night i know these hoes ain't right
0	ghetto sour cream
1	i want to eat as much pussy as i can before lent. - m4w - 29
0	being up at 5am cuz your cat meowed at a nocturnal bird is the ultimate toughbreak
1	fuck her right in the pussy i wish this dude was my grandpa
1	fukn wit my nicca luey boi .. smoking gas .. jus kickn shit .. whereyallatwitit
1	you think you're pussy is wet? my kitten drowned two days ago.
0	thanks charlie, have a great evening
1	be right when u wanna fuck a bad hoe too or a hoe u didnt really wanna fuck
1	stop being a pussy.
1	i know you seeeeen my faceeeee gon send a bitch maa wayyyy
1	deez fat hoes kill me. i ain't seen this much crack since they locked meech up.lmfao
0	now works on fancy telephones, so i am told. i have a clam phone that i call mr. clam that only "texts" and "phones".
1	these niggas rather love these hoes then get money smh what the fuck wrong with these niggas
1	bitch ass jorge haha ain't you at work nigga?
0	 at work imma real uncle tom
1	sharkeisha isn't dead you're all retarded lop
1	 i think im high naaa or she maddd at her toe im diein  i can hear her naa .. damn dawg ol bitch ass toe 
1	don't hillary's verbal responses and aggressive interactions suggest either brain damage or a need for meds? or maybe she's just a bitch
1	all yaw hoes want 2 thing money ; dick
1	lmaooooo when you sit in a ghetto girls seat at lunch
1	miley cyrus kinda looks like a retarded care bear....
1	controlled the aux cord the whole two and a half hour drive home and didn't repeat a single song. bet your boyfriend couldn't do that bitch
0	if u don't buy the box of colored goldfish you r a racist tbh
0	this no beef thing is for the birds
0	nov 22,2012: thanksgiving dinner: 2:00pm: proof on main. a day being preoccupied with a giant bird in your... ...
1	she said i want a man who can pick me up during sex bitch you lucky i picked you up at all gas prices high as hell
1	lil bitch dumb
0	charlie sheen did the ice bucket challenge the right way
1	you got some hoes here yet?
0	segment finally did it. never again watching teabagger propaganda in the morning on msnbc again. on currenttv for me morningjoe
1	money only impresses broke bitches.
1	you hoes are lost.
1	bitches who never knew me now calling me wesgod 
0	charlie and ron has constantly put out heat for their entire careers
1	i'm not a nig. 
0	the redskins just begging to lose this game smh
1	nigga hungry then a bitch too
1	i got some retarded ass friends, but i love em tho they make my life nicer.
1	every bitch tell me i act like a nigga.. whatever the fuck that means
1	i cannot fuck with a broke bitch 
1	fuck deeeez bitches
1	it aint nuttin to cut that bitch off......thats why that shit my ring tone 
0	quick game for sox yanks.....hope you get home soon
0	school schoo scho sch sc s st sta stay stay h stay ho stay hom stay home
1	females think dating a pussy is cute now? how does doing this stuff make him a pussy?
1	ok. did this bitch just say wut i think she.said? i believe u just described urself dumbass
1	haha ya hit that hoe right there
1	thought you were sleeping, bitch 
0	a sign at "checkpoint charlie", a well known crossing point between east and west berlin, when germany
1	white people always gave yellow ass teeth
1	i hate the f-ing bus, i hate the f-ing bus, high ho the dairy-0 i hate the f-ing bus
1	one thing i can't stand is texting bitches that got droids
0	where would me life be without god and i'd probably be living in a trash can haha
1	girls the days be confused hoes ain't nobody got time fo that
1	if you not my bitch. i really don't care 
1	these new bottoms are something else... you put nair on your pussy for the gram? ok
1	these bitches is running out of tricks pimping. barely catching my attention.
1	trash easily the "real gs move n silence like lasagna" line wit a wayne line that went over niggas heads
1	bitch please
1	that explains you cause all you do is bitch and whine.
0	i'll trade you one car drift for brownies.
1	i found her right here, good job unfollowing me btw faggot
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	i feel like apart of the in crowd like yes bitch lets indirectly talk shit 
0	we're laying rock around our lake. you're welcome to join a redneck workout. muscles 
1	them quicc to blast bitches, them all about the cash bitches 
1	i swear bitches wouldn't have nothing to worry about but they don't know how to shut the fuck up.
0	well pee is oft yellow.
1	fuck twerking bitch can you cook ?"
0	thanks charlie
1	bitch lol
1	4) only pussy niggas who suck dick cry about someone being in their mentions, tweet the person then cry again about the
0	getting ready for the annual heart and sole luncheon cle with
1	i'll break that lil bitch neck and won't even feel sorry about it" savage
1	bill cosby stealing pussy
1	fags
0	yea.. you don't live down here i guess. we still got roofs that aren't fixed from charlie and jeanne.
0	this. good. pricklypear shiner
1	totaled crashed dat hoe drake verse on that nicki &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	let a nigguh try me , fuck around fuck around fuck around meet his daddy
1	bae gotta bitch  whoops 
0	tbt love you forever ling ling 
1	"hehe" hoe quotes
1	when guys throw stupid bitch fits its like whyyyyy? grow some balls please. i have bigger balls than you.
1	all these ciara songs are old to me bitches , they from like 2 weeks ago lml, basicbitches
1	yall hoes be looking so bad in your avi's then i look at the rest of your pics and u ugly as shit
1	she be on some real shit n stay on some chill shit .. besides all my niccas the only one i can chill wit
1	it's utw over here bitch but a lot of shit be going down 
1	omg ugly faggot. your a bad mother. you should kill yourself like robin williams
1	chillin in the hood with my retarded ass homegirl. i feel at home.
1	dat bitch mouth made da honor roll
1	xbox live fags
1	being so wrapped up in love that you stop doing well for you is what middle schoolers do, dumb bitch. i want just want mo
1	she prolly got some bomb pussy too. lol i hope haha
1	eww i hate how bitches dress sometimes
1	who knows man. that uncle tom mentality will never die. ol martin baker headass
1	ur a boss ass bitch
1	we got mob ties/ and all my hoes gangstaz too/mob wives/ bad bitches,but i don't spend alotta
1	at the end of the day seniors still love that young fresh pussy from west case closed
1	i don't have a key to my car that bitch foreign 
1	if you take a long time to text back you a hoe
1	if my jokes offend you: 1. i'm sorry 2. it won't happen again 3. 1 ; 2 are lies 4. you're a pussy
0	i used to get grs a lot, tho. maybe that's why my soles cracked so much...
1	these hoes be thinking meat won't slap they ass " ainna bruh
1	another woman ain't gon keep me coming. girl these hoes ain't got nothing on ya
0	female ig models in person be so trash 
0	man, that is a serious shiner chara's sporting. yowza.
1	just like you you pulled all them track bitches 
1	how bitch how? how is this ok?
0	so my daughter seen charlie villanueva... questions on 1,000 
0	yankees nice bounce back kay. gotta keep this going
1	too little too late bitch ass nigga
1	thank you so much. it was a bitch move of her to pull. but thank you 
1	that ain't my hoe." this is the same man that wants to be "godly"....
1	to many dumb hoes in milwaukee
1	they trynna hoe geno td throw
1	it's fact that a male brain cannot always hear the high pitched voice of a women.. so bitch don't get mad..i really didn't hear you
1	i start garfield monday .. yeahhhhhh lil bitch 
0	stephan a smith saying jay cutlers shouldn't be a mvp candidate is just straight up retarded
1	you can tease this dick faggot
1	let me tell u funky bitches bout a pimp name c. i ain't payin for no pussy and my dick ain't free
0	this reminds me of another quality video lol. he ain't fittin to front for these peckerwoods
1	that is great. dumb crybaby pussy.
1	"i didn't sell my pussy for $65.....it was $80"
0	update: collegian dressed as yellow teletubby will face charges for break-in, theft of chinese food leftovers...
0	sighs of relief from beijing guoan fans ; china's govt as club nips japanese rival 2-1 in tense match: football
1	when niggas try to act hard but really be bitch made 
1	when they run out of dick inside the pussy. how do straight dudes know if their dick is small??
0	study by center for biological diversity called (taxpayer funded) ivanpah a mega-trap-will kill 28,000 birds year.
1	feb 18 was a record setting day for the word faggot, apparently:
0	if you listen to these bands  a7x ptv sws atl bvb adtr bmth ymas fob aa blink 182 tdg ss fir mcr follow me ; everyon
1	chances make champions nicca ain't nothing stopping you
1	dumb bitch" im singing to you bitch
0	bags bags that's that bag money trash bag black and it's filled up with money
1	you a shoulda coulda woulda ass niggah ima wish a niggah would ona hood ass niggah
1	grew up in this shit stuck wit da shit, u too pussy to fuck wit dis shit but im in love wit dis shit
1	the bitches act like they don't be in the club with they ass all out in too little ass skirts ; shorts giving em yeast infections n shit.
0	the rick scott/charlie crist ads have been running nearly non-stop in florida for the past week. and they are getting even worse.
1	diii bitches 
1	me to wey i went to the job interview high then a bitch straight stanking like dank haha eyes red then a hoe
0	read w/o slant your orig statement said 'everything' we have...that is the only extreme comment made
1	if i fucked her i know every niggah want her.
1	why wld u wanna be a faggot, dude? that's faggot like
1	aint nobody wearing those new westbrook "jordan's" but mexicans ; trailer park trash white girls.
1	promises were made bitch . you are now my bxtch
1	ima call you of a different number cuz moms still on sum hoe shit
0	eating brownies and then going to the gym... idk
1	one fly ass bitch
1	just hold on we goin to the crib bitch
1	naked bitches give me bubble baths
1	dont be a bitch man up lol :)
1	fuck candy. eat pussy. 
1	just saw ashton. hardly anyone cared. waiting for harry  wtf bitch i'd be all up in ashton's grill you feel?
1	sexy japanese slut fingers and toys her pussy on the steps squirting her juice allover
1	waka bitch bad fr
1	fake bitches.... nicetry
1	' i wonder if you females out here ever just sit around and think bout how yall hoes or how unfaithful yall really is .
1	mr.nvr get no pussy u a virginnnn
1	i already know wilson gone hoe later on let me gone get my ammo
1	this bitch keep playin wit my hair like she dont got her own.
1	neverrr, play me for stupid because i'm far from it.. you bitches might be stupid. but not me 
1	just seen 2 pregnant bitches fight did the look like sumo wrestlers?
1	only if you're a twat as well. be not a twat my son.
1	you cant tell these bitches nothing... they belong to the city
1	all bitches eh. hahah
1	if i couldn't trust some of the homies how could i trust these hoes?you can't lol
1	lmao  excuse me bitch?i am not soundcloud
1	i hate taking a shit at public places bc i feel like a faggot when im placing the toilet paper on the toilet seat
1	write in christine laporta for mosen ferguson she represents all chappellenadal refer to whites as crackers ; kkk ht
1	lol that caitlyn.. "can't carry 3 retards"
0	my wife's doing some sort of "boot-scootin" while singing, "a little less talk and a lot more action"...where was this ho
1	nice wigger stache
1	da house next door to me been sold to honkies
1	i'm just on this hoe to laugh
1	if ur 20+ and still need ur parent's permission to do stuff ur a little bitch growup
0	this fuzzy wuzzy kitten wants to know how a raven is like a writing desk. find out why here 
1	this nigga .. know damn well you a coon
0	it's kinda screwed up that they were my guinea pigs but i was only experimenting on taste instead i got more interesting results.
1	 i ain't shit ." damn skippy lol
0	*rubs hands like bird man
1	every psychology class has that annoying cunt who relates everything to herself just bc she has add and her parents got divorced noonecares
0	why no boycott of racist "redskins"? redskins changethename changethemascot
1	text me bitch
1	lol bitch u forcin it have a glass of water bitch u a lil thirsty for the puss thang
1	i'll do that, if you agree to take your ethiopian starvin looking nigger ass back to africa. buyfoodlittleguy
1	i can't never keep no bitch cause i put them hoes out
1	music .....you make me sick bitch
1	you better pray to god i don't like yo bitch cause we might catch eyes and she might get hit
1	my true life episode comes on later on tonight at 8pm central time. true life: i wanna be a tranny.
1	the only one of mary's friends i like so you other bitches don't exist 
0	farewellcaptain what a way for derek jeter to close his yankee stadium career."
1	fuck up bitch  get out mi house 
1	nah these bitches up harbor city ;
1	now that nicki minaj said "fuck skinny bitches" watch all these fat bitches come outta no where it's time to play.
1	don't get it twisted, it's my shit. bow down bitches.
1	this bitch gone ask is we closed i said naw we just ain't pay the lightbill this month yea bitch we closed get tf out
1	everybody entitled to they own opinion tho. not that bitch she need to shut up ; sit the fuck down
0	thursdays really been trash this season
1	i love seing new ones cause i save them and then youse them bitches lmfao
1	i want to be as independent as soon as i can. i don't like depending on people. makes me feel like a bitch.
1	so sick of you fake ass hoes
1	i was such a pussy back then lol like its crazy
1	bitch look homeless and u say meth not weed ur a fucking discrimination to american but enough of the bull shit what up fuk boy
1	lol at this bitch ass boy telling me how to respond to "peer pressure" for values of "peer pressure" that equal being called a groupie
1	what's worse than jury duty is the confirmation you get while serving that the general public is retarded.
1	bob bass over bitches bitches on his dick, fishes on the dock
1	i tell it how it is if yu ain uh bitch or uh hoe i call yu by yo name
1	if a guy ever called me names such as bitch, slut blah blah. i'd never ever think twice about being with him. like fuck you i
1	imma get home around 0300 problem is it's a coon leaving the bar that drank 7 shots of crown royal think he still can drive
1	don't ever kiss the other girl in a 3some, don't hug that hoe none of that
1	burnt pussy lips - 
1	i'm just looking for a bitch that can hold me down
1	this dude fell cuz he was looking at these bitches in the car.
0	dblite works like a charm in openwrt arduino yun with full test coverage. the gyp version would rarely made in there
1	i don't believe in that frenemies shit who wats to have a bitch like dat with u all the time
1	not in the business of submitting to no bitch bruh bruh.
1	some bitches be forgetting
1	joe young gone shoot that bitch
1	what state got the best pussy? 
1	and when bitches be like "me and him against the world" bitch don't nobody even know y'all together -_- nobody hating.
1	what i thought bitch
1	ha fucking twat. go cry about mommy some more
1	photoshop my nig
1	i wonder if philly fans aren't aware that they are complete cunts, or they are aware, but are just ok with it.
0	just learn d dance nuh cuz u know after carnival we like to pick up months old yardie ting lol
1	if a nigga can tell hoes he's taken , he's a real nigga .
1	if my girl get in a fight with your girl you better be ready to fade too cuz i'ma knock you out then go help my bitch stomp
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | xxx | hairy alicia silver ; tinslee reagan hairy pussy  |
1	2012-2013 seniors were chill as fuck. this years seniors are basic ass bitches
1	what up twats? i mean twits... 
1	find a big butt bitch somewhere and get my nuts kissed 
0	word. do any of ur decisions include anchor, feather, infinity sign, bird?
1	no face no trace pussy boys snatch
1	late night studio sessions.....bitch i got that workbrickk.ent. ya bitch...ycg.night life
1	i could never bring myself to fw a bitch or nigga that wears everybody else shit like um no your broke ; bummy ya fuccing boof 
1	bitch where you been
0	when a ghetto girl tries to read in class pt1 lmaooo
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | ebony | ebony texas bbw with big deep pussy
1	i say k.michelle is manly because she doesn't act like a lady.she's too foul at the mouth and violent.i'll have to beat the bitch.
1	anytime a girl asks you for help, tell that bitch to ask channing tatum since that's her mcm.
1	this height shit aint cute at all. yall some dumb hoes going out in public looking like jack and the bean stalk. 
1	thingsiliketodo serenading your bitch
1	back in this bitch
1	fuck no id be gettin swole in there like everyday nigger
1	my dick is called taco bell because bitches love it in their mouths but hate it in their ass.
0	let's go yankees
1	fuck the cowboys the giants the redskins eaglesnation bleedgreen
1	i think dat called me a nigger what do move away from da dark side mean?
1	no i ain't no bitch ; no i ain't no snitch
1	why does everybody drive like retards when it rains lol
0	whoo? a new attraction in virginia city, birds of prey. meet this owl famous for his role in harry potter.
0	he's a pretty damn good actor. but as a gay man it's awesome to see an openly queer actor given the lead role for a major superhero film.
1	with ma bitch c:
1	that's why i keep you here you ain't like them other hoes
1	you're such a pussy
1	' ok my texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me , askin me about where i been but i been with another bitch allegedly  .
1	why all these hoes trynna be gay now? lmao
1	why you talking to me at 5, almost 6am. we aint friends, pussy.
1	atf is in charge of prosecuting cases and the teabagger republicans won't confirm a director to lead the agency.
1	naw no bs tho...if u under lets say 20 and u got like 15 bodies...u def a hoe lol. theres no debating that.
1	last time i wore the shirt i'm wearing today i fought a bitch. ( on no ratchet bs) but she yanked the fuck outta this shirt.
1	i guarantee there will b some hot twats out tonight in dresses with no leggings and open toed shoes.
1	im sorry but you didn't have to be a bitch last night.
0	thee bears are trash tho...
1	i don't want sex bitch i only want ya neck bitch lol
1	bitches be mad they mane nigga gettin snatched up by all these whore yah pussy prolli wack ctfu
1	no one wants to see curvy women - karl lagerfeld he retarded
1	if it were close than we could bitch but that was going on 10 to zip on scorecards ... rightful mercy stoppage
0	just got a new fish it's albino and i named him shaquita yee bahaha
1	so what if she a hoe in her city. if she make you happy, move her to montana and be happy for the rest of yall days.
1	and i didn't wanna come off as a bitch, so i took another hit, now i think i'm feeling to high
1	ha bitch, i'm pickin' up beach babes left n right on the west coast
1	retard alert
1	"why would i want to play with some pussy?" - *dead* snl
1	fuck the islamic state we will kill those cunts
1	a black man asked me "hey white boy, do you like niggers?" "well i wouldn't use that word personally" i said, "like is a st
1	pornographic-oo-oo don't make you no hoe-oo
1	they ban dat pussy for life ; he gotta pay 2.5 millon dollar fine"
0	yung nakalagay sa second page ng handout na may closed ended questions etc. tapos lalagay sa 1/2 yellow pad
1	pussy only pussy
0	have they seen planet of the apes brazil has the highest number of monkey species of any nation in the world with 116.
0	"is that an albino mexican?" "no dad, he's asian."
1	no i like pussy why would i be ashamed of that
1	fucking douche bro. you're a fag
1	bite me bitch , chew on a 19 footer
1	wisconsin iasip nice work bitches
0	i assume so, the tranny went out this morning. i have a maxima.
1	all deses bitches turnt up i'm fenna turn em down
1	if kubiak was a player they'd pump him with painkillers and tell him to stop being a pussy.
1	if she'll tell you she's a "badd bitch" then listen. she's bad for your health
1	bitch you fucking told me to sit in that seat and yo dumbass come again saying "why you sitting there" bitch vote5sos
0	*squak squak squak squak* me: bird shut up *squak* alex: that was an act of defiance
1	classy rich family kids doing drugs and tryina be all ghetto and shit,while actual ghetto poor kids looking for education to get outta there
1	3/4 of a citizen. i said it for you maria you spic
1	ugh i really can't wait to get paid tomorrow and spend it on my hoes 
1	ugh he's mine bitches he's mine ; mine only. that's my baby, my man. just know ; be aware. that's me
1	why you talking to hoes about bro nem? 
1	are we still talking about animals? i know some asian folks that would love to see how you prepare your pussy before eating it.
1	chill ur pussy gay af
1	make my burger bitch 
0	clever. watch burfict make the hit and then mock officials by throwing a flag on himself.
1	it's noveminember, bitch artist of the year amas
1	"i'm grown" = let me be a hoe in peace.
1	and ha bitch break down my weed sometimes
0	the birds and the bugs voguet by anat r via vintage jewelry bugout insects birds
1	bitch bye.
1	periods dont stop nothing but a sentence boo, let me taste that pussy.... i bet u taste like quarters"
0	my trash is worth more than you
0	whoooooaaa no chill savage here monkey monkey
0	this just in: yankees p michael pineda is ejected from game after substance found on his neck
1	really tired of having a constant bitch face
1	we need more opinionated bitches. moar
1	don't watch me you beta watch your bitch nigga
1	i ain't a killer but don't push me. revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
1	can i have a bad bitch without no flaws? come to meet me without no drawers?
1	if you can't do or say certain shit in front of yo bitch then don't do it
0	lilly just tried to climb up a tree after a bird and completely failed oh my god 
1	i'm sorry but if you don't eat seafood solely by the fact that it's from the ocean, you are seriously an unrespectable pussy.
1	when you see kids being bad ; their parents just standing there ; you look em like bitch you ain't gon do somethin?
1	you're also a better little bitch
1	lmao fucking snake bitches" em
0	blue cheese crackers intrigues and repulses me at the same time.
1	safe bruv welcum to twitter my niggur
1	bitch when r u going to get ur round, i just fucking said this just proving my point
1	i love my bffl, she don't even smoke but for my bday bitch gone b turntttt fa me 
1	hoe fax = type yo bitch number in google to see if it pops up on back page thank 
1	of course not. that means it's fajita time. if i'm flat ironing? oh, bitch. we ain't never leaving.
1	track girls have the best pussy - bethune-cookman
1	bitch ass nikka took flight frm kenosha
0	good evening charlie and friends
1	thats right niggah netherlands
1	um no that only a fuck you bitch and done xavier will hopefully respect girls bc i am doing it alone and i don't want that
1	if i was stranded on an island and could only bring one thing, i would bring dora. that bitch has everything in that fu ...
1	my mom's a fucking cunt dude.
1	fuck your chicken sandwich ho
1	lebron is a bitch damian
1	one of the biggest arrests of a loudmouth bitch was reesewitherspoon. so why a nigga gotta act like a whitebitch to the police?
1	"sorry jb fanreally justin come back". that is the top comment on a justin timberlake video with 10 million views. son of a fucking bitch
1	never did like that bitch
1	nah really the man at bg breh nigga got random bitches at the bar coming up to me like i attend the university this is crazy
0	cousin: why is there a bird on your screen me: it's twitter cousin: i poke you me: that's facebook
1	hell wrong with yall? pecan pie and sweet potato pie trash.
1	dad: why are your eyes so red?son: i smoked weed, dad.dad: don't lie to me, you were crying because you are a faggot.
1	don't get me started on you potato head lookin ass bitch
1	you a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe "
1	lol this is why i don't fuck with so many bitchesdon't call her a "bitch"
1	guys now and days act like they don't care because pussy is easy but that's not the only thing that matters 
1	iggy azaelia is no one hit wonder. she is a bad bitch.
1	these bitches loud for no reason
1	like nike bitch just do it
1	the nigga who got slept is a faggot if he sues just run one again and watch ya backlol just like the pe
1	she's a dumb bitch. should've just said no. extra shit unnecessary lol relationship goals
1	kids a bitch
1	a hoe nigga will not be tolerated,
1	yall bitches wit no edges be doing the most talking "
1	alright ya faggots. lets just stop with all the s/o and r/t. no one gives a fuck on what you think of other people. probably lying anyways
0	today is fun but tuesday will be awesome. iu v michiganst 1ubb hoosiers
1	man dude next to me got 2 of the worst looking hoes i ever seen but hey it is 2
1	i'm just saying, in your twitter pic you look like such a guido and i love it pattyfuckingboges
0	i'm just tryna get to sleep before the birds start getting rowdy.
1	do birds have a 72% out of wedlock rate? is it white fathers that are running away?
1	wow what a faggot
0	i def got a few shades darker cutting my mama grass. there goes my yellow frame lol
0	i occasionally go to play flappy bird and then i die before getting one and remember how much i hate it.
1	i don't want no thot , a thot is a girl that can't get nofrom me, hanging with the other little hoes, wearing her be
0	jets trash
1	the bitches behind me are so annoying
0	got 5 20% off slots for sole sauce for the early birds today use save20 at checkout
1	bro don't argue with these rejected ass disney models bitches better go play in some food
1	jerryspringer on raw ...... the white trash side of me is applauding
1	ya last nicca couldn't beat it .. i hit it like a free throw
1	idk where this nigga jus went but he better find me some food before i become a real life bitch
1	i'm so mother fucken sexy. i have no time to be a retard.
1	bye bitch
0	rand paul mocks clinton with hillaryslosers pics with failed candidates
1	bitches can't cook but know how to suck dick .." s/o to the ones that can do both
1	one time for the illest bitch alive
0	gator bait 
1	bro what in the fuck y'all bitches thinking ... that is not ok
1	member when bitches put "le" in front of everything. you not foreign mf 
1	last retweet  you bitches be confused
1	i was feelin her about a week agoooo, now? she just a silly hoe....silly hoe 
1	bitch i called yu back the lies
0	rise of the planet of the apes doin a musical???
1	stupid bitch 
1	her pussy clean but she dance dirty..
1	never trippin on no hoes
0	the grass is greener on the other side of the fence of course it's also a soggy septic field
0	hey, do you have that screen shot of djk's wiki page being updated regarding the trash can incident?
1	i went from smart car to a bitch with some smart lips.
1	faggot
0	when twitter rappers dm me their trash links
1	open her legs then filet mignon that pussy
1	i need to find is both a damn job. needs to find a bitch a jobright
1	how bitches be when soccer players take their shirt off..
1	but then again i aint never worried bout no bitch nor nigga
1	ok hoe
1	dm me your number hoe
1	oh&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; so that's the bald bitch&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
1	stop sayin my gov. name fuck wrong widd u bitch is u stupid
0	so this is the woman who was a bird then turned into a woman from the sky in nigeria.
1	it's two different things you hoes should know because a lot of you hoes think yal know me
1	biddin with my bitches family
1	sweetest bitch you'll ever meet
1	same here. fucking hated that bitch.
1	like the hoes when they lay w/ me.. puppy eyes when i go, sayin stay wit me
1	dumb bitch
1	bitch hallon
1	"i'm sick of his shit man sit his bitch ass, i'm fed up bro geno threw yet another pick smh""
1	holy fucking shit. why is a game against a third string qb redskins team so gut wrenching
1	wulf bitch thank you
1	i'm not broke  bitch i'm blessed 
1	don't block me because you think a post is about you...just ask me. like a boss. you employee ass bitch.
1	idonthavetimefor ratchet hoes.
1	my reaction when a spoiled white kid says "nigga" like they a thug. everytime whiggers
1	"i play soccer, cheat on girls, and wear khaki coloured cargos" haircut
1	apparently this little pussy cant converse nevermind fight. ive been blocked. oh well youth gets frustrated easy.
1	fake bitches i don't want your hugs
1	free that hoe 1x 
1	not all straight men - i am frustrated. unlike on okcupid, queer folks dont have the ability to block...
1	for all those watching that so raven. look at this negro now lol
0	should be going to free birds anyways
1	lmaoo my phone autocorrect like a bitch..
1	alex smith saw his career leave with that fumble and reeled that bitch back in with everything he had.
1	you're such a retard i hope you get type 2 diabetes and die from a sugar rush you fucking faggot
1	i can smell your fried chicken ass a mile away boi and clean your nasty ass ears ratchet bitch
1	thanks for that text... i found that hoe..
1	lol my brother a fag mann
1	big hair bitches &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	yall still going trick or treating this year or nah?"hell yeah ima be da sweet tooth bandit steal bitches bags n shit
1	we muslims have no military honour whatsoever, we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men, women ; children
1	big g-day s/o to freeboosie nicca lol
1	holy fuck, frozen pussy you are crazy
0	when this test is over today i'm making a pan of brownies. i'm going to lay in bed all day ; eat them until my heart is content. 
1	wow i was like 12 or 13 fighting people in high school, then bitch unfollow me fuck nigga
1	basic niggah in his basic clothing
0	these are insane and cigars trash? foam done bumped his head these are insane. like so insane.
1	and he still wont get no bitches wow wtf
1	boy yo bitch a lame , dont nobody know her but you
1	told that hoe she special, like the mcrib at mcdonalds..
1	the bad bitch with them ugly ass nikes
1	that finger to the face pose bitches do now a days, like chick no i wanna see those lips
1	i want this "bad bitch" epidemic to be over so fast bruh...fees can't write a sentence with proper subject-verb agreement now
1	"it's the dykes" -hunter dyke with a dyke
1	 my bad bitch im logged in on everybody shithell yeaa me too seen tiff just tweet f
1	literally every man in my fam copped a bad white bitch as a wife. i ain't even boutta break da chain. unless a latina comes around
1	i fucked the bitch i used to dream about and coulda died when i came from disbelief. nah i dont wish to speak on her name that shit is weak
0	i've never had a twinkie.
0	now time to find the monkey term scripts
0	two birds with one stone biggs.
1	ur fat ... not thick... it's a difference bitch
1	and someone from my class is literally sitting across from me on the bus so i can't even call dad and bitch
1	. was daddy still being an abusive rage-a-holic in hospice, or just making doody in his diapers like a good fag h
1	im coolin you know me same ole shit different day my nig
1	u wanna piss a hoe off when u in the club ; she in front u tryna dance for u do what i'm doing right now tweet
1	jealousy is such a bitch.
1	 yass bitch yass  too soon? 
1	bitch merry christmas
0	comes in to close out the game here in the 9th. yankees
0	dreamed i was eating a brownie and started salivating and woke up almost coughing myself to death. today is a struggle.
1	idk is she's actually from there lol, we followed a band. but we met a few bainbridgians. this bitch had like 4 teeth i swear lol
1	attention keshonna alexander had the best pussy in the world. taste good asf
1	i'll be stripping off layers of clothes the instant we get back to the gate. it's hot as satan's pussy on this son-bitch
1	don't sweat these hoes they come wit the money 
1	carter needs to shut the fuck up, fucking bitch ass always trying to start shit
0	four hors to back up this iphone haha... jokes 
1	who doesn't want a bad bitch?
1	it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off 
1	i don't get it. i'm either a pussy or troll. where is the room for "the truth" and or "my opinions on my tl"????? social media fucked up.
1	does "smdh" stand for "suck my dick, hoe"?
1	monique made a whole fucking career offa call slim girls "skinny bitches". she lost the weight (because it was unhealthy) and now she's done
0	jamal is a fool  first he called me a leprechaun, then he said my heart cant be blue or purple. it gotta be yellow or
1	running dangerously low on cigarettes these bitches better last me till monday or tuesday
0	charlie crist has asked to keep polls in broward open until 9pm, claiming long lines. media reports say turnout light in broward.
0	y'all got the taxis right now? and can i get the oreo 5's right now if possible?
0	for the last time, the captain takes the field at yankee stadium.
0	ion like papoose but he went in lol
0	oh, wait *"can i get that photo of me playin with creed's side project by itself?" my bad. yeah, fob is embarrassing
1	lmaoo beans this bitch is so stupid smh
1	ugly hoes, you can not have attitudes kill the ratchetness you need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere
1	fight me you tubby bitch i'll fight anyone
0	first second an third mistake... i been hearing it wus trash tho...kinda wan give it a listen, kinda dont
1	3 years today i was a fucking retard and fell in love. why was i so stupid? wish i was coldhearted. neverlovingsomeoneagain dontneedanyone
1	white bus drivers are all white trash. losangeles
1	any person that puts anybody else's business out there for whatever reason is a bitch.
1	i heard "love dont love you" by en vogue at work lastnight .. shit groovy as a bitch ..
1	mannn mexicans in houston love their high school freshman hoes
0	at this rate, i'd cheer for the awful new york yankees over the st. louis cardinals.
1	i don't fw that nigga he pussy
1	keep it real, keep it real, keep it real, keep it real. nigga say he fucked my bitch and he couldn't wait to squeal
1	hes a lyin ass bitch lmao
0	like baathists before them, isis ; al qaeda supporters' rivalry is as absurd as their cause - battling for who's the more authentic jihadi
1	but it's some bad bitches on backpage ... you might find one of yo followers on there too  wheretheyatdo
1	pull the trigger bitch
1	someone told iggy azalea she stunk as a child cause this bitch still upset yo it ain't even that deep
1	 is the most important thing. all this temporary bullshit and lies is fa the birds. kill that
1	we were at the party last night and p goes..."bro this nigg got on chucks just chillin and dancing w/ all the bitches"..
0	lmfao alco(ho)l
1	stoner chicks &gt; drunk hoes
0	please stop scoring, otherwise you won't have any runs for tomorrow against romero yankees bluejays mlb
0	; thots are wearing uggs itsfallbecause negros are pulling out their timbs"
1	i hate when people think i'm mad or sad cause i'm not talking.. nah i'm chillin bitch.
1	bruh, chichi go months to years without seeing me and she still the bae. you basic ass bitches can't go 2 missed calls with
1	lmao trifling ass bitch
0	derek jeter and the present paul konerko with a retirement gift. watch:
1	niggas want a virgin porn star and bitches want a dangerous safe nigga.
1	exotic bitches do exotic things these hoes aint loyal
1	s/o to flowing wells varsity soccer tomorrow yall are playing ironwood kick their asses. i'm pretty sure this fag is playing
0	to the senior class: there will be oreo funfetti bars in the den this morning 
1	how you pressed over some pussy you never had ? 
1	hoes will be hoes.
0	oreo cookies 
1	janemba is better than yo pussy ass
1	couldn't make it nigga was at the e.r. my bad then my charger for my phone ripped so i can text, i'm on my ipod all ghetto
1	wassupbyebitch you outta order
1	cnt nobody be mad at who he choose to be with i can't be mad at no bitch its the nigga so hay
1	we all know you're fucking a bitch right now lol
1	curiosity killed the cat, bitches gunna die out here just to see my head game
1	goodbye you faggot
1	hurry up nigga this the last key, they dont know where the fiberglass safe at, to get in that bitch you need a glass key
1	i said something to you gorilla, stop listening to monkey music
1	can't wait for more peds is that it? roid munching faggot
1	that band is white trash, and only white trash would buy that album.
1	when i'm in that pussy, honey i'm home 
1	18 yr scrap from out here might get life in prison for murderin a norte nigga by el pollo loco off of story rd.
0	diet coke trash
1	oil? who said sumthin bout oil? bitch you cookin?
1	*draws perfect scorpion* *writes name all retarded*
1	i tend to have more sense that bitches older than me. that's sad.
1	6-1 bitch dont hate
1	sooo many classless hoesnot enough ladies
1	sitting here talking about what u would do or gonna do that's something my bitch does
0	they come out charlie sheen... they come out coupe machine
1	my asshole credentials? even rednecks hate me.
1	i hate bitches that wear those fake ass ray bans, they're only $100 stop being cheap.
1	i hate seeing people with money spend it on stupid shit, you don't need 11 tvs ; a shark tank you twat
1	hahahaha i'm so happy that bitch just spilt all her coffee everywhere
1	 das new bae , my bitch bad or naw lmao
1	he bring the hoes out on twitter nigga got magical powers who is
1	only a black man can make you feel inferior to a hoe with a 2.0 gpa and no future simply because she has a fat ass and
1	miley cyrus got the hardest song in the club  j's ain't on my feet tho these hoes love these boots 
1	you gotta block dumb hoes
1	what a little bitch
1	hell idk who did but that pussy better be golden
0	ya'll take note. there ain't never tornadoes where colored folk live
1	why do little scrawny white boys play ghetto rap music while they walk around.
1	this bitch came to the club with a broken neck? bitch you serious?
1	no one understands how much it pisses me off when people use the word "retard".
1	if you see me , speak bitch.
1	see my nig today somebody who understands the music like me
1	even though trunks was one of the main characters, dragon ball gt was lowkey weak weak nothing lowkey about it.. shit was trash
1	don't neva check a real nigga....... check a hoe
1	lmaoo bruh make a song called uber and the hook can be that uber make that pussy wet
1	almost forgot. posing as an old brawd won't get you pussy, needle dick. beat it. lollollol
1	i just wanna know when are we gonna go fuck shit up ; go fuck up bitches????? 
1	bitches always like you got hoes.. i be like duhh i'm tryna make you one of em  nbs
1	5000 white men in pick up trucks screaming nigger and my coach got the nerve to get mad i missed the free throw 
1	lmao angela you look like a damn potato bitch, keep talkin
1	no wonder these ppl that call themselves niggas ; thugs able to convince their hoes false ideas about men like me in our intellectual dress
1	they're calling it sandy because the wind is going to make a lot girls clams really sandy
1	bros before hoes - a bro with no hoes
1	i done seen a lot of fake shit. that bitch ain't bad, she's basic.
1	tierra marie: "i'm the princess of the roc" rihanna: "y'all get a good pic cause this bitch ain't gone be here long"
1	some females make being a hoe look so easy like damn girl dont shit bother yo soul sometimes ?? 
0	redskins gonna win and thats all im saying for the night
1	one sick bitch
1	i'm not dating anyone right now, i'm giving my pussy a brake.
1	thx hoe
1	niggas sleepin with bitches grandmas??? lmfao maury fake af
1	sometimes i hate az ; sometimes i love it. depends on the time of year i guess. ; the dumb bitches that live here
0	who spotted the looming yellow crown on tonight's truedetective?
0	foto: imapython: bieg: albino sea turtle i think u mean soul of the ocean
1	niggas/bitches cheat cause mf's always think they gettin played
1	i be damn if i go ova dea n get my ass blown up i kno wat it look like bitch i play call of duty frequently
1	this nigglet 
0	85 species of birds reported in chesterfield for the great backyard bird count. how many in your area?
1	sometime u gotta shut down all tha fun and get tha $ rite. get ugly on these hoes and eat
1	pussy
1	the fck? dem bitches always got sum shit wit them....
1	rip blood money shoryy was a rider blew dat 50 at shy glizzy bitch ass in his own city yea yea...300
1	that pussy so wet she gotta dry outsidestop telling my business
1	bitches be trying to squash all beef wen they find out they pregnant some hoes dont give a fuck
1	if my tweets ever offended you: 1.) im sorry 2.) it won't happen again 3.) 1 ; 2 are lies 4.) you're a fucking pussy
1	real nigs uck with me and i don't give a uck who don't
1	it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
1	good luck coming to see us in vegas. that's where all the bitches are at 
1	guys so quick to talk shit to a bitch they would kiss ass to .
1	trash.. see how i capitalized the "t" in trash.. wtf is this oreo song by r kelly ?  tf
1	everyone pray for my brother nothin wrong with him he just a bitch lmaoo
1	smh bitches are such haters how dare they do this to her blackgirls jealousy yooo loool
1	faggot
1	craziest bitches got the best pussy.....
1	ima kill cay  ugh she stay on my last nerve but i love that's funccy bitch
1	if a bitch dont act crazy over you , she dont really want you. 
1	wow do we have another faggot? timatheracer wow do we have another cam hater? lol"&gt;&gt; dat dude is nice
1	40 mins. until that bitch drop
1	aghh i took my 15minute break to relax for a bit, not to here this bitch yell;complain 
1	met a foreign bitch at wesley .  she better call me
1	roses are red, camo is green. trick or treat bitches, happy halloween. merica.
1	happy bday i love you my nigguh livinglegend
1	this hoe know that not her car lmaooo
1	bitch you already know i would go crazy with out you
1	andy went from owning toys to owning bitches.. and also tf is that coke doing teaching a class? 
1	harm this pussy instead missing 26-yr-old usc medical student last seen tuesday may harm himself
1	faggot is a public spectacle. most gays are not fags. public display gets public opinion.
1	lololol joey lattimes phone just called him retarded
1	i aint got no problem chicks goin on vacay to the states to be hoes. just declare ya aids at the border when ya come back
1	lay in it brother i'm a honky
1	just once in my life i wanna see someone on family feud look at their family member and say "that's a horrible answer are you retarded?".
1	bitch mind your business
0	people be so angry tonight on dis here tweeter. it hard for a colored man to see all dis anger. like bein in a waffle house in mississippi
1	it's ok to tell a nigga he trash and a feature will never happen fam.
1	cheated my way to get? hahaha this bitch funny if youre so worried about me then stop subtweeting me dumb ass
1	rip robin williams, i'm gonna fuck the baddest bitch tonight for you bruh
1	"she gotta shape up her pussy lips tho whole wheat organic pussy
1	jesuschrist was straight&gt; that's why the faggots killed him. period sonofgod&gt;
1	idk why your favoriting shit hoe. bye 
1	dey put us on lockdown cus dey searchin bitches cars fa dat dope
1	real niccas relate fuk niccas perpetrate
1	fuck what a bitch saying the hood love me
1	i'm on that straight cali kush bitch don't kill my vibe
1	quit ya hating you oyster lookin ass bitch.
1	my. nigga feel good to not have no hoes. yall can't even throw that charge my way no more.
1	speaking of '09, that years pussy was phenomenal.
1	what does the fox say bitch?
1	if jennifer hudson can lose weight anybody can you fat ass hoes
1	this 8am biology lab ain't no hoe 
1	that ugly ass picture and thanks bitch
1	long finger dike hoes be pulling off their gloves instead of winking at bitches they trying to suck
1	do you, bitch boy?
1	what's the symptoms for ebola? my stomach been hurting b. i'm nervousbitch you better not be we was drinking out same bottle
1	you da realest bitch out here amber
1	if my jokes offend you: 1) i'm sorry 2) it won't happen again 3) 1 ; 2 are lies 4) you're a pussy 5) your mom hates you
1	smh. u so retarded. lol
1	lord help this bitch
1	don't concern yourself wit my mingling with other bitches.
1	that's lil nig 
1	yes now get off twitter, you lame negros should have never learned how to use the internet
1	80% 60% of these hoes be fake gay
1	hoes gone be hoes but thats none my business
0	i'm a "mud shark" because i have black friends. makes perfect sense.  idiotic
1	if u remember when steve from 'blue clues' left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe
1	this hangover a bitch. 
1	jai's hate for jay is completely irrational hahaha i still love jai though so if he needs someone called a faggot, i'll call someone a fag.
1	fight me hoe
0	oh it's saturday funny time you better redneck necognize
1	i love me some down ass bitches.
1	hey dis angry white man called me a nigger when i didn't answer da door on time. he ain't fit to be delivering pizzas
1	i'm scared to lose you, cause i know you get bitches.
0	the wasp of angry legend. beat it into a squishy pulp
1	now that's how you let the beat build bitch .. thats my ish as i hit the kill switch.....
1	my lil cousin been locked up for 2 years for beating a bitch with. metal bucket
1	ion give a fuck ion give a fuck ion ion ion give a fuck bitch i don't give a fuck about you or anything that you do
1	i swear i thought you were describing a pussy. ...i gotta go to bed.
1	but i'd rather be a free man in my grave than living as a puppet or a slave but above those shit options bitch would be free alive and rich
1	i know what color my skin is. you can stop with the friendly reminders bitch.
1	i don't fuck wit hoe niggas
1	bitches &lt;
1	not going to put up a red equals sign on my facebook because i'm not a faggot, but i'm all for marriage equality prop8
1	im 99 slay bitch, im wearin bandos armor cause im so rich, i got my slayer helm and my whip droppies
1	17 missed calls "das yo p.o bitch twitter finna be screamn freemoneymelle
0	i bet she's a new york yankee prog
0	oreo shake
1	"if she can suck your dick with a dip in, she's not only a keeper but a true redneck woman." - kim's dad.
1	she right you spam if you eating the pussy you might as well eat the ass.
1	 im joked out bitch you stupid
1	allergic to: bullshit fuck boys basic bitches
1	all i'm sayin is u bitches would hookup wit tha headless horseman cuz u think he all badass n shit but then u complain 
1	from conversation at that... these hoes be falling too easy. 
1	you women are not wild animals...(well some) you can control your own attitude and put yourself in place u dumb bitch
1	bitch
1	monkey see monkey do hoes
1	why that bitch lookin all in the car, u know her?
1	reggie gives me headaches my niggah 
1	you slay that bitch
1	fixitjesus  this bitch is the nugget filling at mcdonald's
0	i don't know what's more stressful, midterms or flappy birds.
0	weekend is here. what an amazing week this has been. let's use this extended weekend to celebrate our successes my fellow queer folk.
1	when gay girls suck pussy from a bitch who just took a plan b pill the other day that means the munching hoe ate plans
1	if you cant pass the asvab you might as well just go full retard
1	"you got hella hoes"
1	fucking walk off in the bronx
1	sav is a fag
1	in your dreams little leprechaun hemroid
1	nothing that the russians did in their support of the rebels surprises me. putin views obama as a pussy.
1	and if you aint a hoe get up out my trap house
1	i show love to everybody not on joe time i just hate stuck up people thats hoe shit
1	fuckin ignorant ass niggas. don't dm me a video of you counting money n say "why u so stuck up" bitch...
1	you're a dumb bitch. wow.
1	every time a black woman says "oh bitch", i smile.
0	oreo cheesecake bars
1	the rich kids of beverly hills is trash and not even entertaining trash. and why do they all look mid thirties?
1	i trusted you queer cakes wheres the passion? she made me do it dammit
0	not that i plan on dying soon, but i'm totally going to write kenobi in as my sole heir. he's the only thing locally (under 94) i can trust
0	i want oreos who can help me
1	bruh them ugly hoes say a nigga arrogant...
1	where you at bitch
1	eating pussy is dangerous bitches be trying to snap your fucking neck
1	just started my upgrade for the level 2 dark elixer drill 1,500,000 elixer. that was a bitch to get.
0	daniel, there's no cow tipping and hoe downs in jackson... this city living lol
1	there's only like one retarded fucking beaner that does and he's a stupid ass ex
1	degenerateartist ain't fuckin' around with allahs retard crest&gt; i got blessed by jesus and you are not next, you fake ass text&gt;
1	love when the bitches take selfies with their tongue out, just gearin up for that money shot
1	fuck off my pussy boi bitch
1	*nicolas cage unrolls dusty secret scroll* it says here james madison was a whiny little bitch
1	so people here donate plasma to feed their drug addiction... i donate because i get money, and i save lives. whaddup bitches 
1	temples playing with my life i might be i working bitch this semester cuz i'm not paying outta pocket
1	niggas don't mind sharing hoes
0	ghetto=black
1	the world wouldnt be as fun if hoes didnt exist.
0	the recommended serving size for brownies is "all of them."
1	that bitch you met know what i mean she don't be the same bitch a million dollars later my nigga you feel me?
1	this bitch is fucking insane. 2) what is a sentence that describes you in 5 words?
1	can't trust none of these bitches, don't trust none of these hoes 
1	they already have. are you retarded?
0	some kid in an angry birds costume bumped into me and i fell over making something else fall over into something else which wobbled and..
0	little bitty bumble bee bumblebee
1	fight me 0 cuz they're trash how many 50-cent corn dogs did you order today?
1	mfka what ok bitch we going to see. your a funny mother fucker
1	gabby called her yesterday and we call her a bitch and then cried.
1	can't keep a bitch but its cool cause money still around
1	work, is something adults do for money, not borrow from money... broke bitch
1	' just was old to me , a lil proton feel me ? some bitches that's gon feel me , some niggahs that won't kill me .
0	who remembers when we were in middle school/high school and would throw paper in the trash from our seat and yell "kobe" lmfaoooo
1	amen. overall bitches, do better and stop being so stupid cause yall hoes are stupider than ya realize.
1	is this napk bitch retarded or stupid wtf would you request me didn't she read my bio it's pretty
1	lookin for your bitch she probably with me ?
0	breaking: ap calls mass. governor race for charlie baker. watch live coverage on wcvb, streaming online.
1	that bitch hollerin abt fuck me nahh fuck dat bitch
1	stay talking defending your fuckboy ass boyfriend or what? go suck him off while youre at it faggot
1	charlie not fukin around in austin.. every week somebody getting kicked off the team.
1	lol just like rgiii and go out like a weak bitch and return the next year and win 3 games
1	just hand them the game you zebra jack asses and save us all the trouble of watching
1	draymond green a bitch ass nigga bruh
1	cheater cheater pumpkin eater where'd you find that no good white trash hoe. trashy sloots
1	you can't owe me shit i don't trust niccas
1	stood outside for 5 minutes to take a phone call, went back in and looked in the mirror and saw a somalian. fuck the sun lil punk ass bitch
1	okay love you bitch
0	i just put down a pan of brownies
1	if ya bitch always bitching clearly she care" or just an annoying bitch
1	it's like zero bitches in nap that's gon stick by yo side if you fall off 
1	bruh youtube a bitch ass nigga bruh on me bruh.
1	apply to thunder valley bitch
1	for guys ?bros over hoes?. for girls ?chicks over dicks?. for me, it?s ?whoever has my back over the fake ass people, any day?
1	these hoes ain't loyal ; no they ain't smfh ; wonder why nobody decent wants them
1	chad reeds a fag he's a 5th kinda guy
1	call me bitch again and see if i don't slap the sexy out of your mom and have justin timberlake bring it back.
1	jai may make an appearance at the party... love that fag
1	ya nigs out there still saying y'all don't eat butt?" with a straight face
1	you know how hard it is to find a good woman? but yo hoe ass being ungrateful and cheating on your good woman cuz what? faggot shit.
1	i'll kill this bitch no hesitation
0	even nature looks awesome when colored in 663399becca
1	s/o bobby bitch i had to body dis 
1	happy birthday to the gayest nigga missing you and follow my new account british cunt
1	lmao not even bro if a girl a thottie keep it simple call her a hoe
0	no , a pop wop 
1	bruh thank you i'm about to start cumming in these hoes just to scare them.
0	yankees winnnn 
1	not about to shoot this pussy ima beat his face into the asphalt t ...
1	i got money i don't need u bitch
1	lemme cheer you up bitch
1	as good as percy harvin and peyton on the same team sound thats so retarded lmao
1	good pussy change ya life 
1	is this flappy bird shit a joke or........... on the real tho
1	as soon as bitches get on a come up you got that one bitch that cant wait to tell ppl your downfall before the come up . haters
0	low turnout reported, but charlie crist just filed and emergency motion to extend voting hours in broward co.
0	one mans trash  is another mans treasure "
0	cheer up charlie.
1	' on twitter say she ridin for a niggah  . that's why i really fuck with her , she down to pull the trigger  .
1	" running round here like some brand new pussy thats bout to get fucked "
1	and getting pedicures bitching bout their ex and going tanning is something a bitch does
1	wdmc so what shit is this. male hoes now. what is going on.
1	i'm not the brightest but i can guess her game a lil and i know how much of attention whores those bitches are
1	this bitch played too much subway surfer
0	in the me, the crow would eat the bear mt obviously not in the me mt bear saves drowning crow - an
1	i would but i got dat new monopoly wit da cards.ill hold it up n see if a hoe will let a nigga swipe on credit
1	buy the girl stuff you twink ass bitch
0	i can only hope charlie strong. utcoach
1	morningjoe prove him wrong righties liberals use facts cons use emotions to make decisions. facts be damned should be the teabagger motto
0	tx trash your show was a disgrace this am engaging w disrespecting the president
1	1 good girl is worth 1000 bitches
0	exclusive: arsne wenger gave two yellow cards ; red card while refereeing a charity match in rome.
0	s/o nf thanks for the follow hun 
1	i'm thankful for dem big booty hoes doe realtalk
1	yeah when you see him again.....that son of a bitch owes me money tell him i been looking for him
1	cuz you a hoe lol cuz you went on your lil rant on me man
1	that's most niggas fucking with the wrong bitches got me cold as ice...
1	them gay dudes stay with the baddest bitches.....no punch line
0	"mayonnaise colored benz i push miracle whips"
1	hair pulling during sex is just a way of letting her know that her pussy is good
1	"you disrespected my hoeing" pimp slaps hoe in the telly for talking back - bitch
0	yellow
1	this is a true ride or die bitch  what the fuck hahahahah
1	just dropped dat fine ass woman we has da best chicken eva. i spectin some lovin but she a lady and da colored thang
1	just because tony romo at the mavs game dont mean he still not a bitch lmao.. fuk them cowgirls" lol bitch fuck you
1	these hoes out here carrying infections, yaw niggas better rap up w/ dat latex haha
0	they must be russian birds russian birds are known for invading chiminea.
1	i just wanna pimp these hoe$ ; ride rarri's
1	yea u know these lil bitches be stalking are twitter for they niggas
1	youre a little bitch my team got blown out in the super bowl
1	y'all save hoes, i'd ratha save paper. 
1	lets fuck hawt bitches at foam and glow?
1	faggot
1	this girl is the nastiest skank bitch i've ever met. do not trust her. she is a fugly slut
1	that bastard obama is giving them to the f-ing wetbacks.
1	cowboys are 6-1 bitches cowboysnation another great win ilove this team
0	you always buy me colored goldfish when my stash is low, and you are a constant inspiration to me and
1	im a bitch? youre a bitch. your moms a bitch for having a bitch, your dads a bitch for fucking a bitch. now whos t
1	it's funny how females don't want to be called a "bitch" but if you put the word bad in front of it then they're happy af
0	charlie sheen
1	restricton g means your license been revoked stop making excuses you a straight up bitch
1	cleveland nigga i'm fly we switcharoo bitches no lie
1	these cheetos taste likka steak right nah boy these bitches going dumb
0	so who wants to tell the washington post that charlie crist is a democrat?
1	them bitches smell like my farts i been holdin in since 5th grade
1	lmao why ur dad raised u to be a bitch made nigga
1	katey an voka made the hoes in the background popular....
1	i'm sure this tweet will protect you from karmic payback, bitch.
1	all i want for my birffday is a big booty hoe she gotta big booty so i call her big booty lyricsyouliketoscream
1	"why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me. sorry i don't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
1	bruh leave it to the coins coons
1	you done with that clown bitch or ...?
1	know that the bad bitch got ittt 
1	it stink in this bitch it must be them pussy ass niggas talkin shit
1	so is the term wigger. if someone chooses to listen to hip hop and act a certain way it's cause of his interests not race
1	so tired but mom is making me stay up until she is finished drinking another beer. she better chug that shit
1	she talkin shit???? that bitch look like a linebacker messinwithsasquach
1	when my bitches call me daddy 
1	so yams are ass or pussy?
0	flights from liberia should just be rerouted to ferguson.. 2 birds 1 stone.
1	yall niggas is hoes.
1	im tired of seeing this disturbing bitch with 3 tits
1	twitter gives bitches unrealistic views of what a relationship is gonna be. if y'all fight. this nigga ain't comin to 
1	my bitch cold not average. you couldn't fuck my last bitch 
1	lrt exactly. announcing that you could be a piece of pussy for a couple hours, then irrelevant after that? nothing cute a
0	trash
1	if you let your girl get disrespected and you don't do nothing, you should of been born a bitch cuz only bitch niggas le
1	my pussy popz severely
1	this ain't no mf bitch ass.
1	my fuckin back still hurts but it was worth it. and i'm still mad about the hoe incident. haha.
1	when you and your boys discover a hoe
1	can't trust none of these hoes
0	try rex's new water roasted tomato/potato sawdust crackers loaded with enough sodium as to make lots wife look unsavory only 22.99 a box
1	a hoes favorite line is, "don't judge me, you don't know what i been through" yeah i do... a lot of dick.
0	this movie is actually good cuz its so retarded
0	that pic with the red bone in braids and that tiger in the back for sale?
1	don't cheat if she a down bitch
1	i bet beyonce's pussy tastes like a fresh caramel apple
1	any song with tyga in it is trash
1	chris bosh bout to disgrace the trophy like a real faggot smh
0	russel martin had a miserable season but is quietly having a good september yankees bluejays mlb
1	happy halloween bitches
1	no im not weezy bitch im wheezy from that chronic cough
1	get tf off joseline pussy like damn
1	pussy on my mouth pussy on my pinky ring
0	love h.birds used to feed them when i lived in wa state. hv them on mtn in s.ore
1	i'll piss on a hoe
1	niggas really are the new bitter bitches
1	you went iiiiiiinnnnnn on this hoe bro
1	yaaasss when a hoe is talking about how they really don't be hoes.....  like girl, if you gotta explain it.. 9/10 a hoe.
1	i'm sorry but some people's names are just fuckin stupid some parents should get a flyin bitch slap for naming kids like 
1	you're a bitch
0	two red bones kissin n da back seat
1	the world is yours n every bitch in it
1	no hoes.
1	" pussy is a powerful drug "  happyhumpday
1	yeah "basic bitches" are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring??
1	dats y i don't argue wit dese bitches lol keep it brief trappa lls
1	you niggas puttin bitches you haven't even fucked yet on a pedestal. scratch her off your hit list b. you ain't never hittin that.
1	black people like disgust me laughing at someone who died dumb monkey ass niggas like you need to be locked up just for stupidity
1	bitch those are the same options
1	when a bitch reads your message but doesn't respond
1	you can't call a bitch a bitch if you're a bitch
1	i only be looking like im fucking bitches i dont tho
1	pussy is a joke you can either get it or not get it.
0	i like being asian and all but it's a struggle having squinty eyes in every picture
1	how bitches look wen they hear their song in da club
1	my brother is a fucking pussy.
1	no. a dog like that needs bitches and he ain't ever gonna get bitches with that on him 
0	blessjesus amos 3:3 can two walk together, unless they are agreed? differentlevels
1	will you sell that pussy for me ?
0	you're the sole reason i come to that chipotle incase you didn't know. keep up the good work babe
1	me and my bitch song ifihadme1
1	yo girl whats yr potential? i wanna retard it
1	0 hoes.
1	stupid bitch
1	on my way to fuck your bitch.
1	a man will cheat on his woman.. fuck 20 different bitches in 1 year.
1	y'all dumb ass niggas be so pressed to have hoes. y'all weak as fuck as fuck" ...weed over hoes, oreos too.
1	these smoking commercials be blowing me. like bitch it's yo fault yo child was premature shouldn't have been smoking while you was pregnant
1	idgaf what your name is scary ass give me a real address hoe
1	how i beat up the pussy
1	a boyfriend who tells hoes and sluts, "i have a girlfriend", is a real ass dude.
1	started off wit nuttin i was hungry, now i got a couple niggas bitches who want me
1	nah fam i gotta cheat with the hoes" depends on the female i feel
1	here it's a "wtf dude are you fucking retarded"
1	rihanna is currently dropping bombs on you bitches
1	my main girl tryna get a blessing why my side hoe tryna get affection
1	; xavier you bitch.
1	hoes in my iphone...
1	lmaoooo deep that girl curved every nigga that tried to holla and nobody said "fuck you then bitch"...whiteprivilege
1	bitches be set hoppin like bitch get your life for u get beat up lmao
0	for lots of great oldies, check out "memories and more", with yankee rose, today from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm eastern
1	would love the parkside sport girls, dressed like kobe all day everyday let me see 1 of them hoes
0	white people need those weapons to defend themselves from the subhuman trash your sort unleashes on us.
1	i gain a few pounds a bitch look thickkkkkk
1	all these bitches somewhere coughing like a mug
1	if i was a bird, you would be the 1st person id shit on.
1	meth brownies
1	i hate girls who get drunk ; don't turn into hoes fvckin waste of alcohol 
1	bitch bye you can't get it
1	you knows dat once you white bitches has da black cock on yo uptight white asshole you wants it again and again and again
1	sounds like you bout to smack a hoe
0	sick of all the trash talk and cocky attitudes. shutupandplay refs have to take control when needed
1	this bitch possessed by the thot demon.
1	starve, bitch
1	you hoes are in for a pleasant surprise 
1	i hate going to parties where really fat bitches go and act like theyre the shit because theyre at the party. like damn nessie im here too
1	feeeeeling tuna feelliiiing cunt
1	it be 30 below zero and hoes still go out like its 90 degrees plus tax
0	sweet just found that box of twinkies i bought last year for $225.00 i bet its at least tripled by now such a no-brainer buy
1	see bitch this is why you have no friends
1	people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music
0	mertesacker saying "give him the ghetto fist" is still goat
1	"nah girl i ain't gon be able to make it, it's been tight since russ loss his job" you in the back like "damn bitch really"
1	dese niggaz on dat guala shit.......
0	a marry between a man and woman people sloppery slop;then what is prevent a bird from marriage my sandwich??? i'm in lo
1	rihanna just slaying any bitch 
1	let the hoe ass falcons get steven wackson and our 1st rd pick
1	don't no woman want a man that acts like a bitch
0	i hate yellow jackets can't feel arms and back lol
1	latina bitches only
1	these hoes a smash on one of yo niggas and be very proud
1	i would never hit a woman but i would slap a hoe
1	the go-to insult is always to call someone: 1. fat 2. ugly or 3. a hoe
1	well ho di doe. thank you
0	i'm so sick of self serving politicians standing by while bo trashes america. wearerepublicnotregime impeachobama
0	old fellas water froze in that funeral home. he got it unthawed and wants me to help get his pump going again, that place spooks me man..boo
1	lol, so since i'm from the south i automatically sound like a fucking redneck. hahahaha how about fuck you, stupid ass.
1	hmm.. ass all chunky, brain is insanity.
1	mino's caption this==&gt; nah bitch...we're gonna keep our virginities
1	henny cups on all that ice bitch i'm froze up
1	i'm starting to act hollywood round this bitch
1	fag
1	big booty bitches , big booty bitches ;*
1	hey sir house nigger, uncle tom aren't you from grand ole mississippi, i rest my case
0	never turned my back on the birds
1	bitch firstly it's resting on my titties and secondly if u was paying attention youd have seen when i said i rolled into it
1	bitch you always hatin lmao
0	maybe baylee ann, tater pud, nurse fester, charlie chainsaws, ; mama rot should be their own team? next time in punishermax:-d
1	what's this bitch look like y'all add me on your stupid chapsnat::::pearlblueyes
1	i like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too  hay stunna
1	if you get into an argument with someone and say, "have a nice life ; good luck in ohio." that's a "fuck you, bitch leave."
1	lmaooo hoes so childish 
1	oh you didn't hit me boo boo - bitches who got hit in the jaw
1	she sent me one back, but i ain't even read it. cause pussys only pussy and i get it when i need it..
0	lol i'm litetally just a walking trash can
1	happy birthday to my bitch. i had to tow is botch ass car... love you cuz
1	ugly bitch has blood on her hands for her whore ways
1	nope, it's a term used to mock teabagger scum like all three of you. better luck next time, pal.
1	bitch. again?
0	he's trash tho its 10 million naira if you want me on your song  wizkid via
1	damn makin bitches jealous in reality ; twitter/facebook. prolly mad bc if her pic was posted it wouldnt be taken as a joke 
1	aint no hoe in blood
1	seem like da colored folk be gettin in da way lately. i just sayin
1	imaddictedto girls w fat pussy slim waist fat ass n innocent smiles truuuuuu
0	selling ex lax brownies in front of meijer to pregnant women. gooddeed
1	bouta rasengan all these stupid bitches
1	i don't care what they is they can catch them hoes
1	the blacks in california are typical niggers.
0	hey teabagger the benghazi thing is a joke. 13 benghazis under bush, no hearings. more on benghazi than real 9-11 attack
1	if i've never seen her do some "hoe" shit with my own eyes then i refuse to let another nigga influence my thoughts on her. so what?
1	brb, skipping out of a b-ball game with obama to whoop hoe ass.
1	i'm just kidding, i'm not a fucking faggot
1	"you and yo boys some pussy cats."
1	i jus wanna watch this last episode of orange is the new black but netflix jus wants to be a bitch 
1	because i thought jay z would hit her yeah he is known for sockin a bitch or 2
1	sometimes i wake up on the ceiling , the floor , outside , near a trash can, on your mom, in hollywood somewhere, in a ally somewhere
1	pussy
0	dis nicca went in on dat "i keep tryin"
1	teanna trump probably cleaner than most of these twitter hoes but........."
1	u want a big titty'd hoe-dyke to wash ya rims lls i expect a chick at da bikini car wash to rid my rims of all brake dust
1	the big bitch in the back of a group of girls is known as the caboose fat
1	you say that bitch bad but she ain't shit to me
1	nigga just had them crackers on a chase.
1	on this 2k14 online hitting on these niggah 
1	these catfish hoes thinkin they slick.. but niggas catching on "
1	you. a bitch too
1	a real bitch know she gotta pluck dat nipple hair
1	when eminem said "call me a faggot, cause i hate a pussy"
1	you better watch your hoe she fuckin everybody
1	u see a super bad bitch in the club with a nigga that u just can't understand how he got her 99% chance he meet her at happyhour
1	when you a bitch they never talking bout you all of a sudden 
1	i fucking hate this fucking neighborhood, these fuckin bitches have someone over everyday ya3ne.
0	oh, me, too pain meds just made my brain fuzzy and though banjo kazooie for a sec.
1	i just want to punch you in the throat when you get my order wrong stupid bitch at sonic
1	lmaoooo. .. gucci really ass but for some hoes i'll bump a couple songs
1	carrahs a bitch...
1	bad bitches
1	so was chris brown talking bout hisself when he said "these hoes ain't loyal ?"
0	there's a bird nest in my garage and so now when the birds fly out they poop on my car. 
1	suck on my throbbing pussy
0	phil hughes looking like the phil hughes of old. 2010. yankees mlb
1	she my lowkey bitch, the one i ride lowkey with.
1	niggas talk more then bitches these days
1	iggy azalea that bitch 
1	give these hoes 20,000 followers you got a whole new bitch
1	i'd like to issue a formal apology to israel for our piece of shit anti-semitic president and his retarded secretary o
1	fucking hate ignorant ass bitches
1	i already know you trash if being tatted is on the list of things you want in a nigga.. off top.
1	i hate when ppl come to my house and make a mess in the bathroom, like bitch do i come to your house and play in the sink? noooo
1	yo hoe will get slayed . 
1	wack ass hoes
1	' this niggah pharrell or whatever this niggah name is don't deserve shit for that white ass gay song .
1	lol he still a lil bitch
1	it's some good side bitches out here don't let nobody tell u different
0	republican rick scott has been reelected flgov, defeating democrat charlie crist.
1	what's good, family?in the gym looking at hoes hit u later
1	karmas a bitch my nigga
0	well there's difference between erick erickson and me. i've always understood obama is muslim jihadi sympathizer:
1	and your an annoying ass fuck boy he could of still meet up and fight somwhere else u can shut that bitch shit up fuck boy
1	lol you're a stupid ass bitch remember michael brown? this is him now. feel old yet?
1	violet needs service to get texts from hoes
1	and who said i didn't like myself where the fuck u got shit from u made that up stfu and stop assuming and bitch am not ugly.
1	wcw all the bad bitches 
1	just because i think you're fine don't mean i want you, you appealing to my eyes, not my heart bitch.
0	jihadi work accident: seven taliban fighters including top commander killed when roadside bombs detonate prematurely h
1	so my homegirl fucked this alpha but little does she know she's just sloppy seconds... how my pussy taste- famu
1	good day with these 2 bitches 
0	sorry i missed that, you mean where i live is disgusting or that that muzzies in the uk r disgusting, or both? have a great sun.
1	i got a surprise for you bitches
0	and a prime leija would trash most of these 140 dudes today
1	you bitches are grade a weird.
1	these niggas ain't shit but hoes with tricks
1	i fucked your bitch a hunned times , what the fuck your bitch got on her mind? my fuckin dick..
1	moving is always a bitch.. i'm excited for dallas though.
1	lmao you're on my timeline it ain't spying hoe lol
1	lmaooo djs stranger danger, im just a coon.
0	just noticed some trash on my notification page i had to clean up
1	porn star is fancy talk for professional hoe.
1	i swear newnan utilities be gettin a nicca .. bout to start reading my own damn meter
1	on gc i l8v3 dis bitch
1	y though really hoe? really? u the dummy taking a pic
0	lmao. it bel ike that nowadays
1	flirting with bitches on twitter like
1	who's ready for nigger spam?
1	you bitches wearing leggings everyday are sick. i know y'all wore the same pair 3 days in a row you can't fool me
1	this shit is retarded 
1	"i rub orange peels on my dick before i go out cuz i don't want these bitches to catch a cold. vitaminsemen" - prairie
1	bitchman that's so cute to me find a date
1	wanted me to let everyone know he downloaded the whole acoustic justin bieber album fag
1	this girl legit looks like a pig, kiss imik you bitch
1	don't subtweet me my name so i no it's real ugly bitch
1	these hoes too familiar
1	no ur the blind bitch. dude in the video is way skinnier.
1	oh i would've stood up fall back hoe
1	friggin red state pussy republican. the parent too
1	i'm back bitches 3d back in effect it's on tonite
1	i'll throw a cheeseburger at her bitch ass
1	just seen the baddest bitch in tower city... my heart just got warm 
1	wow fucken bradley sucks ass. and his coach said this niggah can play for barcelona hahahahahaha
0	video: charlie baker makes final push for votes
1	if u remember when steve from 'blue clues' left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe
0	when you die on flappy bird 
0	no prob def a good early set energy tool if you want to tune in, in less than an ho
1	hell nah bitch
1	lil stupid ass bitch
1	yay i'm a redneck piece of shit sorrynotsorry
1	if a bitch tries to get crazy tomorrow
1	my dick wants some pussy
1	sick of bitches bitching about other bitches.
0	texans d/st won't play the redskins again this year...
1	uncle tom ass muhfuckas.
1	lmao bitch got on some huggies
1	give me 3 wishes, i wish, i wish, i wish you would bitch.
1	about to rock this bitch with with our beautiful angelic voices gaffeoke
1	my problem is caring about bitches ; noggas
1	aint shit pretty but my bitch and my mama .. anyone can get the drama
1	clan of retards...
1	dear spoiled suburban bitch...
1	ayee hoe
1	plot twist: it takes a lot to cut that bitch off 
1	always eatin good wit my niggah, and good lookin on the cd my boy got some heat now i can bump some bangers
1	so terms like honkey, cracker, peckerwood and stereotypes of white people fucking their kids and sisters isn't racist? sweet
0	last name, sinner first name, imma like ur pancakes in tha mornin, he got u covered like aunt jemima
1	is dem? i wants to has my weenis swingin but da twitter say day shut my colored ass down
1	sorry me and be fucking bitches and we hella icy
1	slut ass queen bee bitch.
1	silencer up on that .30 that bitch don't make a sound
1	he did dat headband shit on purpose .. now the whole spurs team fuckin up lookin at this weird lookin nicca
1	the big lips was in the ad bitch
1	elissa is such a fake cunt
1	im not a bully, you half-retarded talking flotation device i assure you, im no bully.
1	and i replied hoe
0	killing it at home  nba pacers indiana paulgeorge hoosiers basketball hashtag winning
0	i hate that i wake up early the morning after i drink. but the fact that there was a cold yellow gatorade in the fridge gets me so happy
1	need to get the sheriff rick in here to show these pussy ass police officers who is boss.
1	can't fuck with no bitches. just can't do it.
1	when the pussy stank
1	thanks...bitch.
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	snapchat got hacked, all of you hoes about to have some explaining to do
1	shoutout to bitch you guessed it remix shit is 
1	karma is only a bitch to bitches.
1	yous a gold bottle, these hoes pink mascato
1	"i don't want to have sex with my gf because i feel like i'm using her.." - anonymous" whata faggot
1	couldn't help it man. niggas pussy for robbing a chick and shootin her.
1	well at least if you're going to do somthing you do it.. and don't bitch out.. even when it's the wrong thing 
1	he has one called "pussy pop" i think it's for cats
1	on some real shit if i catch this bitch it's game on.
1	he said soul patch bitch .. lmaoooo
0	ironic that he's a trashcan because he holds trash everytime you two cuddle burn.
1	rams finna smack steven wackson bitch ass
1	bruhhh i'm joking... don't pop trunk on me i'm just a bitch ass niiiieeegggaaa
0	be fearful of the wrath of god in a country where many mock christianity, embrace perversion, abortion, and bows to pc/multiculturalism.
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	when you stuck in the middle of the jungle but see a bad bitch chillin by the mango tree...
0	news  democrats and antisemitism  jewish group condemns vp joe bidens offensive reference to "shylocks"
1	niggas be out here loving all they hoes...that's a no no.
1	rt one'a y'all btches gon end up dead over a screen shot thinkn that sht funny...ain't too many niccas gon laugh at that b
1	this bitch asked why pants sagg , cuz dey tryna hold my bandz up 
1	lmfao fat hoes in tight clothes be lookin like a half opened can of biscuits
1	how many of u hoes bad ass little kids dont their medication and cut up in school every week?
1	1 more day bitches
1	some* niggas be so pressed for pussy my bad yes some
1	dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips " lmaoo
1	nah it's just clowney being a bitch nigga
0	the fruit of the modern yankees farm system. joba the nut.
1	like you have to be borderline retarded not to see andre 3000's elite skill level for example. yep this go
1	bitch we shot a music video
0	i wonder if the progs didn't relegate young black men to the ghettos to keep them away from harry reid's friends...
1	to the rejects who constantly call my house and are threatening to rape my mom, karma's a bitch. rot in hell, faggots.
1	oh i'm back now 2nd vap don't fuck with this one bitches
1	you a bitch tho i know for sure i'm not. you'd get your ass beat by any of my bitches that's fact 
1	bitches talmbout they limber got these bitches in limbo
1	come on tank, break dem hoes backs
1	boys want bad bitches , and dummies. men want strong women who respect themselves and support his grind while handling hers.
1	"these sour apple bitter bitches, i'm not fuckin wit em"
1	cant turn a hoe into a husband either
0	padre /yankee/angel fans need to stfu
1	put a ring on it or it ain't yo bitch
1	ungrateful bitches ...
1	ima show my ass tonight, i can feel it omgggg i was thinking the same shit bitch
0	we actin like it's the 7th day spook
1	all hoe money is gooooooooooood
0	don't mind that twinkies are gonna be gone, very concerned about the rest of hostesses product line
1	i hate when i see a cold hoe tryna kick knowledge
1	if bitches are thirsty but you hungarian
1	she wonder why im into her when all these hoes be into me
1	that bit donovan got dvd's droppin and all i see ya lha bitch
0	i want some clams on the half shell :-)
1	bitch slap that asshole....with a chair
1	no  for you hoes
1	this bitch is not only an idiot but a troll spamblocked so keep spewing ur shit
1	like these bitches that have green eyed curly haired kids on their ig talking about "my future child"
1	this bitch is pregnant dancing her heart out for me and i'm on instagram. i'm an asshole
1	you want thingamabobs? i got twenty bitch
1	feels like a video a band would pussy out on releasing. thank god spiritualized is still around to make up for it all.
1	ik you were pussy
1	that pussy keep calling me, gettin me in trouble
1	like hello my feet were clearly on the back of the desk bitch
1	what up fake ass hoe? i'm not gone fought you today. gimme my nigga hand back
1	orr why? thts my lor bae tho wyd why u fucking up hoe?
1	i could if i tried but my money feels better then any pussy i've ever had
1	but i live in the south. lot more here. my pop lives in rhode island. hardly no niggers there.
1	snakes slithered in they coil these hoes ain't loyal
1	cost $250 i ain't buying no pussy i got too many followers for that u in vegas. dont miss opportunities
1	' said i ain't neva love no bitcccccch , but these bitches steady lovin on me on me , ayeeee . so what am i...
1	i love racism "blame whitey" for everything now that you mention it i bet the white man put the desert tortoise on bundyranch
1	if i text "you up?" that means is it safe for me to come and eat the pussy until i reach cream filling?&gt; .
1	i wish ppl would learn how tf to stay out my business i'm a grown ass man . i go where i please . mind your damn business bitch
0	legion of jig 
1	bahaha omg  this bitch is crazyyy .
1	hahaha ok you got a point there there would be hella bitches screamin and cryin ova that nigga th
1	the truth hurts nigguh.
1	niggas be catching attitudes and expect a bitch to beg plenty of sorry's to figure out what's his problem. no
1	nashville* *atlanta houston has so many trash drivers
1	when people refer to their girlfriend as their "bitch"  .... i know how it sounds but it's how we mean it lol
1	lol nigga just walk in that hoe looking for girls don't even wanna buy nothing
1	imma get my crew on dis fuckin fag 3hunnad real talk nigga turn up
1	i fuck bitches  better watch yah hoe 
1	bitch i want my number back yo pussy mustard... oh yeah fuck dat bitch trust me dro
1	physical ; bed these bitches frame is trash skinny
0	he promised to stand with the muzzies, so...
1	shoutout to my exit47 niccas salute
1	lol if you hate me i really dont give a shit because i've either done nothing to you bc you're just a bitch
1	jooooooked out 4 old hoes, a ponk, and a dyke outchea having "girl talk"lmao
1	100 mile dead zone radius around philly...gotta go to ny or dc the tri state needs better bitches
1	turnt up with yo bitch in a house party
0	man arrested after 40 opened nip bottles of vodka found in car
1	it kills me when bitches think that just bc they got a low body count that they not a hoe
1	fuck the church you attend , fuck your god, fuck the nigguh you call the savior . it's a fucking new world order baby
1	jd told me i'm to player to be with one bitch
1	u and taber the shit coon
1	they be looking at tom brady while he going off on tge sidelines like, whatever bitch. lol
0	how do yankees fans look back on gary sheffield's time with the team?
1	i'm about to get this bitch a cell mate
1	really?? bro, that retard even missed the point of greeneggs;ham it means don't knock it til ya try it
1	and if u aint a ho, get up out my trap houuuse
1	if a girl sit on your face, and your nose goes into her pussy, and she rides your nose like a bull, she's a keeper.
1	who let gabby get drunk off of her ass? give that bitch bread...bitches love bread.
1	you see you? you a bitch you.... talk shit nigga you'll get ya issue
1	i'll round up my hoes in a little bit
0	we in this bitch finna get crunk eyebrows on double papp 
1	"these hoes keep callin but i ain't pickin up"
1	me n glo boy will get young chop in that bitch too
1	we just trying flip an ounce to a p in dis bitch im still out school bro next week im out dere doe
1	idk who tf roro ; sophie are, but i'm glad they got bitches twerkin for the vine in they whips
1	my soul mate probably some ho around the corner
0	can my cat not kill birds and make a huge mes of feathers
1	ray rice bitch
1	u get what u put in. if all u offering is pussy don't be mad when all u receive is dick 
1	difference between "niggers" and "niggas". tupac my og 
1	these 5th grade hoes ain't loyal
1	liking all my pictures to get a follow ass bitches "
1	i need to hit the lottery yo, this work shit??? for the fucking birds
1	' she was mad for like 5 mins got over it and hit him right back up lol she care about that niggah .
1	"i am not a bitch, i am the bitch. so that is ms. bitch to you" 
1	shitty pussy 
1	women all over america are overstating the value of pussy.
1	not surprised stupid fonda american troops vietnam
1	u bitches still fuccin bush
1	bitch tits
1	i need a bitch
1	i still don't understand why bitches at my high shool would put on false eyelashes every fucking day
1	be a dog to these bitches bt be a king to ya queen '
1	so glad i found a good girl and don't have to deal with these wild ass hoes they have nowadays.. ratchets.
1	nigga you proud of 80% i was in that bitch 99.99% the .01% is from me going to get the weed out the car
1	whatchu gon do bout it bitch
1	with my best bitches
1	kush god bitch
1	can never follow bitches who's bios look like this
1	an enraged 6'4" 290 lb mike brown lethal weapon on legs.his hatred 4 the police ; whitey added fuel 2 his arsenal
1	u gotta slow down these coon hrs all they know is love n hip hop, lebron, ; fake love quotes
1	you think she classy niggah but she really ratchet
1	lol lawwwddd that's why i aint fuck with jitt i never wanna be labeled a "hoe"
1	u good man long time my niggah
0	*chops* *does bird call, flaps hands*
0	the yankees still suck
0	i got dirty birds hey shoot like larry bird hey
1	how do ask a broad to just eat her pussy?
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | closeup | cumshot on beauty pussy closeup
1	porn,android,iphone,ipad,sex,xxx, | anal | bbc anal creampie bitch
1	my sister shittin on you hos once again wodeh bout dat action
1	only faggots use white ds's
1	i would leave my crib and go somewhere but i'm pretty sure i'll die cause if my bitch ass car sliding everywhere
1	so jus don't be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing lmao
1	pussy gotta be trash her love life is so sad lol im so glad khloe k dumped french's ghetto ass
0	i ate a monkey. andnowihaveebola
1	benzino bitch wasn't ready 
0	if melo go to the bulls they still gon be trash unless melo get special privileges allowin him 2play in a allstar uniform
1	grant bitches more than a 14 year old white bitch
1	niccas be walking 4 flats to catch a nicca they kno in the club
1	i am brown, while you are black and ignorant, your stupidity makes me sick, typical thug looking nigger.
1	i told y'all he was going to do that shit u. pussy boy
1	oreos and ho hos put into milk...
1	your bitch wants to go to little italy with me tonight. told her no. fuck a thot.
1	fellas take note eating pussy keeps your lips soft. (;
1	you tweet about how you're never good enough for a guy maybe it's because you're a hoe
1	taylor wack ass bitch nigga
1	in yo bitch dm like..
1	my rapper name would be nigger
1	scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin'.
1	i really wanna have a talk about life with the "fuck her right in the pussy" dude while smokin a blunt before i die
0	little things can just kill a negros mood man
0	people with trash cars love to drive fast and reckless
1	 when you're trying to relax but your pussy is shooting out light beams
1	do it you pussy
1	a real nigga gone teach his bitch the game not run it on her 
1	if u ain't never had a pregnancy scare your pussy trash ladies professortrav
1	for the insecure girl, ya name i won't mention. on instagram straight flciking, bitch you nipple slip away from stripping.
1	" bad bitches is the only thing that i like "
1	money pussy ; freedom
1	shouldn't be living* stank pussy should never be ate
1	mac 10 lay on the floor like a matress young based god came straight for the bitches"
0	y'all suck on flappy bird
1	i don't glorify dis shit but bitch i am what i am and it is what it is
1	rino trash like see conservatives as the democrat party see blacks. as their slave property. tcot
1	idgaf about you, or ya mens, ya bitch, none of these bitches. y'all all can fuck off for all i care.
1	haha i call my girl a bitch, only cuz she calls me one 
1	y'all have six different personalities and 3 different bitches you spit game to and lie 24/7 but we need to grow up? lm
1	the bitch ass nigga i just called a bitch
1	heeellllooo if a bitch keep hitting your nigga phone... it's because he's still entertaining her "
0	essence fest anyone? i'll be there on the main stage 2 stepping with uncle charlie
1	such a hoe
1	superman. man of steel - emotions of bitch. truestory
0	emma watson
1	karma is a bitch
0	my son is 9 and still has issues tying his shoes because he's barefoot all the time, in case you wanted to know my hillbilly status.
0	booksofgodwidom proverbs 1:26 i also will laugh at your calamity; i will mock when your fear cometh;
1	not no but hell no, when blk. stop sayin nigger i will, what they can have i can have. this is america
1	lol bitches be hella mad about they exs like why can't you be friends and forget about the past
1	if yo girl doesnt swallow kids, that bitch basic
0	whoa sorry for the spell check error, its not ho it was hey so sorry
1	i l8v3 fuckin wit this nigga he getting all emotional he remind me of my bitch is that you blake (50
1	it was a joke you fugly bitch be happy uncle snoop even acknowledged your nasty ass lmao
1	jews and white race traitors have to be swept clean so the aryan race can survive.
1	don't try nd play me, i'll hoe u harder 
1	halloween is a hoe holiday
1	why is it always the bitches with no money, no job... no contribution to anything financial that have the highest standards
1	; my sister is really going to fucken deny it but yet sprays the room with febreeze , like really bitch why are you going to deny it
1	i'm happy i ain't that bitch i use to be
1	this bitch think he care about her talents
1	i phone 6 cool but basic i'm girly bitch so dry n plain 
1	white hoes still wear ugg's in hot ass weather cuh
1	biggie was and always will be the flyest cunt in rap. biggie
1	mental asylum in dallas texas, 1980's. should i go find this hoe?
1	check yer phone nigger
1	devin hester's a bitch
1	nuke town that pussy
1	my eyes brows finna be on fleekate fleek bitch 
1	it means that im following orders and being subordinate. sue me, ya dyke
1	well he is at genos. so he is the ultimate faggot got to show this queer how to eat 
1	don't trust these hoes
1	i have absolutely no "hoes"
1	...you are a lazy redneck. get back to work governing. stay off twitter with your lying bullshit....stockmantheliar
1	in order too want a real nigga , you gotta be a real bitch 
1	you still can't turn a hoe into a house wife
1	brrr hoe dichter bij het sint gebeuren hoe racistischer de drek op twitter en het komt nagenoeg alleen van de prozwartepieten hoek. engvolk
1	if you're gonna smoke weed then do you but alcohol is just stupid you faggots are getting more stupid drinking it
0	......monkey look, just like you
1	no homo bro love ya to lets get some 151 an some malibu rum tech 9 this bitch haha
1	kevin gates said "real niggas eat booty, real niggas please they bitches, ion get tieddd" 
1	social network got bitches heads like 
0	how are you argie?
1	wallah i fucking hate this fuckin mexican bitch so much.
0	i'm not mad cuh hahaha" suure.. tuku ho ita 
1	quit bein a little bitch b
0	what about yellow spots?
1	just be a hoe then
1	lib hypocrisy alert bans "bossy" but "bitch" is okay tcot
0	gop nominee for magov charlie baker's "fisherman story" falls apart. he deserves an oscar for his play crying.
1	niggas put on wigs and act like bitches for retweets that shit fu
1	i just made that interview my bitch. --finessed it huh? lol
1	back inhighschool me and used to have to stiff-arm bitches that kept tryna steal our fitteds
1	you ain't got no job, no diploma, no money, bitch at your parents when they don't give you money for weed, yet we need to act like adults??
1	you say potato, your pimp says put out, ho.
1	i swear to god i hit 40 licks i'm lil b and i'm not no bitch when i'm off that dope i rob my bitch
1	well, jhud is giving me 'bae just got home from work and ima throw the pussy at him'
1	shut up bitch everyone's perfect the way they are.
1	wtf is this chick singing the 7th inning stretch at the giants game wearing? she's like a redneck carmen miranda. nlds
1	i don't know, i'm hoe-less, so i don't know where they congregate
1	randies are fags
1	why give a bitch an inch when she rather have nine
1	these 5th grade hoes ain't loyal
1	dude fuck you faggot it's friday or no go bitch i set the standards you make or break them bitch
1	oomef had that yeah... i kno she pussy whipped that other nigga into putting a ring on it.... 
0	blue-sapphire-earrings 18k-yellow-gold-clip-on-diamond alexandra earrings in emerald crystal on emma
0	tx trash you know trouble w aca is in gop gov states but like you report lies anyway
1	if you don't eat pussy you're childish and immature.
1	these nigs is haters man, and i've made myself so easy to luv
1	that nigga talkin like a hoe tell that bitch nigga speak up
1	yaaaasssss it is. you are buhlowin' up my timeline, negro. 
1	the nigga with no future always have the most hoes..
1	i wonder when twerking dies, what will all the hoes that became world star famous lives be like? wherearetheynow?
1	do these glasses make my cunt look fat?
1	helping out a mate i love scally play. fuck yeah
1	"this is j cole you fucking queer"
1	my hoes trippin lol
1	i use the word cunt very loosely
1	i asked dis bitch to get me water 10 mins ago where dafuq is it
1	i've told those bitches at the dentist about my gums receding for the past fuckin year and now they wanna warn me about it
1	i have such a horrible perspective of time. i think i might be retarded smh
1	that black pussy have nigga sayin anything ahsfreakshow
1	i ain't light skin nigga i'm even colored lmao
1	yea spell check is a bitch... lets stay on topic
1	you want me on the couch playing video games where you can see me or out with my friends with other pussy in reach, bae?
1	i feel like i should be sad and all that pussy shit but i am just so pissed right now idk what i'm feeling.
0	charlie rangel on gop: they 'believe slavery isn't over' rangel is a flagrant tax evader and racist
1	bitches be like "had my heart taken since 12/3/12 i love you babe" bitch isnt that today?
1	i'm in the cut with my old boys and this bitch asks me to smoke weed with her in a fucking yaris. the fuck? lol hell no.
1	homeee fag
0	with louisville (5) losing last night, a win to iubb (7) tonight should have them back in the top 5 ncaa basketball iu hoosiers
0	i wonder if those fans in la feel like charlie brown after lucy pulls the ball away... joeyvotto
1	i'll never understand how people can fake an entire relationship? i can't even fake a 'hello' to a bitch that i fucking
1	the price is wrong bitch.
1	if i cum on your pussy don't be tryna rub it in like they do in the pornos cuz if u get pregnant tha
1	bitch at macdonalds say.."u look a lil devilish 2day homey"..oh well bitch..i woke up like this-i woke up like this(bey
1	y'all weird on here. fake hoes for attention
1	got a new bitch and she got ass, lookin at my ex like yeah i know you mad
1	i swear i worry about me and nothing's but me. i keep no other bitch on my radar.... i'm not gay.... 
1	yeswedid .......start building windturbines so fuckin" big they can kill a whole flock of birds in one go&gt;
1	text me bitch
1	bitch i died when i read that.
1	the karma of fucking over a good girl is the bitch you end up with
1	niqqas talk more then bitches these days.
1	me: put a twist tie on the bags of ice or you'll get it all over your car kiersten: nahh bitch it'll be all cool....
1	ill slap a hoe
1	if you suppose to be a man, dont be a bitch.
1	hurry up nigga this the last key they dont kno where the fiberglass safe at to get in that bitch you need a glass key
1	can't trust these bitches. and these niggas either.
1	lol aye watch to mouth, you like when i mention you faggot
1	thot hoe
1	these bitches crazzzyyyyyy" maaannnnn
1	looks like the next douche bag teabagger to be crowned governor is some ghoul named ducey (rhymes with douchy) azgov azvotes tcot gop
1	lol u knw dem project bitches be having dem light brown roaches we call dem water bugs 
1	let's go la support my niccas no matter what
1	knowing i can picture that hoe in my head he good now knocked the wind out that boy 
1	"this was hung in the boys bathroom..." - st. dominic silly bitches.
1	fuckin skyler white is such a bitch
0	i've only like about 3 pair..they're overpriced trash ..
1	she told me that she love me i looked at and said bitch stop
1	murda mook
1	how's work bitch
0	from a tdd pov linux is just a mock for the kernel of the gnu/hurd system.
1	y'all is coons n uncle toms
1	why tf is this bitch in my class wearing all brewers shit it's football season,,,,
1	and if yu ever need a shoulder to cry on i won't be there cus i'm on my fuck that bitch shit
1	speak english prude ass white bitch
1	this nig johnel keep falling asleep.... that's usually me lol
1	drunkkkk hotboxing these kushy blunts straight bumpin aob this hoe on some other shit bro i got mind fucked like when black zetzu betrayed
1	he called the kidd a pussy or something
1	so many groupie hoes in the condo its a group home -
1	i aint gonna text first cus pride bitch
1	i don't take people niggas bitches don't play about they niggas , specially they baby daddies no bs
1	same hoe said i couldn't get it tryna kick it.
0	i know how you feel,wait,no i don't. perfect week for me would be yanks not getting lee gosox gopats
1	hoes even stupider
1	"nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit"
1	corny sex being having you wanna kill that bitch right then ; there 
1	these bitches be wasting time on some ungrateful niggas
1	feminism (noun): the perverted political ideology of hateful bitches too fat to get in airplane seats --&gt;
1	fucking gook
1	i'm about to start calling out people and why they do retarded things
1	niggahs actin like they pimps but they pay the bitch 
0	dont make direct eye contact with anything..birds cats nothing lol i'm going out west to bu (...)
1	nine times outta ten the bitch using them same unclean brushes on all ten of her clients. i can't with you "beat faced"
1	prego bitch
0	my car insurance is trash
1	females get irritated fast  fuck them hoes
1	tell them lie speakin lips they should try pleadin 5ths, more often bitch and refer to me as your awesomeness.
1	the way tricksnipers act is just ugh. 89% of them are chief keef, soulja boy niggers. absolute sewage waste
1	i'll walk away with your money and leave a tip for your bitch
0	whipped cream , endlesslove
1	a bitch in my math class right now is actually eating just straight up nutella wereyouraisedinabarn
1	she's aint being a bitch, she's just tired of your bullshit. her attitude towards you is based upon how you treat her.
1	i find it funny when fags write "looking for bf" on a grindr ap. lol thats a fucking ap dumbass.
1	phat pussy is the best pussy 
1	a recent harvard study concluded that bitches in fact be trippin.
1	these hoes soo 
0	a pharaohs nd his angry bird
1	it stinks in here must be then pussy ass niggas talkin shit tomyfacebro test me
1	nah bitch you ain't just gone go off on me and just want me back 5 minutes later. i'm playing 2k until further notice
1	this dude a fucking legend bruh, fuck her right in the pussy lmao true legendfuck her right in the pussy
1	i love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem forreal real shit i cant even help it
1	its unexplainable how booty and fucking ass these bitches be. they live to be funny.
1	fuck you, you're a fucking a lowlife piece of trash.
1	i could literally be crying one minute get up wipe my face ; walk out the room like bitch turn uuuup  idk it's weird.
1	all babies are born hipsters because they come out of the hospital in beanies.
1	squidward in the face ass bitch
1	that nigger music
1	i wanna go to this lil shit tonight...but the way how bitches faces be set up ...i be wantin to slap em when i see them
1	lmaoooo i'm calling her a hoe and i'm mad? shutcho uglass up
0	6000 people/day now being deported from warsaw ghetto, packed into cattle cars for rail trip to treblinka death camp. htt
1	went to both lunches because of your bitch ass 
1	liquor before beer you're in the clear, beer before liquor you'll be fine don't be a bitch
1	all my bitches love me, all my all my bitches love me, all my bitches love me. you ain't fuckin with my dougie 
1	this bitch came to the club with a broken neck? bitch you serious?
0	my guy is a maine coon and a total cuddle bum. every one that i've ever met has been super friendly.
0	strawberry shortcake. stacked with whipped cream, yellow spunge-cake, ; sliced strawberries freshly picked from the farm w/ my kids.
1	hoe about to bust ha knee
1	my lil cool ass bitch she from northside 
1	what was that knob to get shit back in focus when it started getting fuzzy?
1	i know og niggaz and bitches
1	holy shit the retard episode of wheel of fortune... again. fantastic
1	"i hope you don't get mad, ladies. i only call you bitches 'bitches' bc i don't know your names individually." -katt williams
1	someone sent this to me months ago bitch
0	reasons to be a mermaid: - no periods - no pants - perfect hair - u get to lure men into their death also, free clam bra
1	nigga... lol idk ..elway trying to snatch everybody come on redskins shitttt go sign revis idk what he want lls
1	fellow anarchists quit being vaginas :p like jr high up in this bitch
1	sounds like there are some major bitches in your area.
1	 i love hood bitches. god help me lmaoooo
0	alex smith wears red and yellow now so quit being psycho ex boyfriends and get over him. he's in the past
1	aw that's cute, your mom raised you to be a bitchy little cunt
1	yal jus fags screen shootin the shit out of my stories 
1	true i miss yall man, yall are my brothers. is mikey starting? and what about the chink? lmfao
1	he's making sure if it's ok for the bitches
1	quit teasing bitch
0	when joey bada$$ said "traded in my nikes for a new mic, i guess it's safe to say he sold his soles for a new life." ht
1	i take a bitch home give her long dick
1	bruh this bitch booty so flat that its muscular 
1	i gotta get it while da gettin good my nigguh
1	i got no love for bitches or bitch niggas cuh
1	yeah i checked my connection, i have fucking wifi. did you check if you were being a lil bitch nigga?
0	funny how people who take their fantasy sports leagues very seriously are celebrated while those who play d;d are mock
0	our national bird - the american bald eagle - is an endangered species success story.
1	bitch u lying about justin's account ugly indian
1	what else do you expect from that nigger lover?
0	can't even spell right. you have the brain of an ape
0	let me guess they have yellow cake too? same crap different president
1	after i say some shit i just be like " wow that was so uncalled for , you're really a bitch "  attitude on 
1	niggas are so fucking gay... and they try to cancel it out by saying "nah were bros it's cool" nahhhhhaahahahaha you a faggot bruh
1	i fucked your little sister last night the pussy was right the pussy was tight
1	i don't like girls that've been around , niggas really be cuffin' community pussy.
1	son. lmao. im gonna cry every time no bitches
1	"my hoes are your hoes...but my wife is all mine" wisebrethrenwords
1	lmfaoooo i hate black people this is why there's black people and niggers
1	lmao tu madre nacho doritos trash
1	hotter than a pussy in a pepper patch....who makes this shit up anyways...?
1	you bitter bitches need a life..
1	now i'm chewy high with a hard ass dick. ooh there goes my pager could it be a trick bitch?
1	and if a bitch can't respect a nigga wit some paper and a fresh pair of bball shorts then she was raised terribly..
1	i am hungrier den a bitch
1	pisses me of when i see these little liberal faggots wearing che guevara shirts. move ur ass to cuba.
1	i just herd the most random and. creepiest sound.... da fuck is going on outside my windows... i'm not looking out that bitch.
1	approach yo bitch like:
1	fag*
1	i smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass, faster than the fat bitch who sat down to fast.
1	good mernin faggots
0	oreo milkshakes will forever remind me of
1	nigga you done bumped yo head. li nings fire but kobe 9 elite golds are trash?
1	too many good single girls, too many hoes taken.
1	women think they are angels. so they be in denial about their own hoe actions. don't fall into their facade. see past the b
1	why don't you text your own mom, dumb bitch.
1	you ever seen a fine eskimo bitch?i'm in google images looking them up now.
1	these 5th grade hoes ain't loyal
1	this bitch real nasty  " ah need her 
1	saw a vine of kobe calling dwight howard "you a bitch ass nigga"
1	vagina flavored bacon bitch
1	hoes will be hoes lol
0	statement of the day: ppl who are even dumber than he is. the ole birds of a feather type of deal.
1	since a yungin bitch i been nat nigga
1	i been fucked that hoe she a nobody
1	i dont think ive ever seen a fight on the real world. i mean a word fight yeah. tons of times. but damn that bitch swung
1	juice should have been dead his bitch ass sonsofanarchy
1	lol, that pussy got rich niggas losing their minds too. got drizzy ; breezy beef'd out, that puss is the devil's playground.
0	hoes austin teach us austin."i teach u how to get curved? that's all i know
0	thanks hun haha
1	i think i read the worst interview ever. lee castro and one of the 2 dope bitches. neither one of these two belong in media.
1	biggest booth i ever seen lastnight bitch had a leopard print jumper on look like an over weight leopard
1	nah bitch you just ugly
0	watch: excited isis jihadis getting their yezidi sex slaves on 'distribution day' isis tcot pjnet lnyhbt gop
1	uh. how long do i have till apple comes out with the newest incarnation of the iphone?? i'm so ready. two years and this bitch still goes
1	thanks bitch
1	shut up bitch
1	bitches
1	these bad bitches really ain't that bad when you see a pic of aaliyah
1	lmaoo bad bitch: can i hit that? "you matching or.....?" bad bitch: *bats eyelashes* ".........are you matching or?"
1	y u a bitch doe?
1	hey nig
0	jihadi streams: british isis fighter identified as abu abdurahman al britani killed in action.
1	never trust a nicca who volunteers another man info ..
1	im trying to take the word "bitch" outta my vocabulary , hardest shit ever
1	die slow bitch thats scary accurate
0	barkley is trash
1	show me your pussy.
1	i got hella hoes.
1	bitch you need to bring your ass to fucking practice.
1	so i guess i'm on snapchat now? so snapchat me bitches. danvii . no idea...
1	twitter is for fags.
1	she cares tho. appreciate her. lol a trolling bitch is a lonely bitch."
0	mashed potatoes , string beans , yellow rice , and chicken 
0	international law enforcement operation disrupts shylock banking malware - pcworld: international law enforcem...
0	great start the morning my daughter danced herself into the coffee table and gave herself a nice shiner... yea she's a wh
1	if you want it come and buy it ain't no mufuckin fronting nowadays niccas playing games about a few hunned -- loud
1	being a hoe ain't cute ijs
1	niggaz like all them naked bitches on ig pics niggaz dont love em
0	recap: in epic storybook ending, derek jeter closes his last game in bronx with a walkoff.
0	its time. amend 14th amendment it was written to protect newly freed ex slaves. its lived its purpose. time to end anchor baby loophole
1	niggas w bitch tendencies&lt;
1	pretty sure i got ya bitch nudes in my phone nigga
1	bitch for who, gap? i'm a model yall bitches can't tell me nothin"
0	i love black shoes cause i can match them with anything but i also need some colored shoes
1	if that's what makes these fat bitches sleep at night 
1	gab and bri both fell asleep on me. hoes
1	he's doing it right  no bitches smh
1	you gunna let that bitch do you like that?
0	yellow 
1	rand went full retard some time ago isn't "playing the game"... he's just retarded.
1	switch a roo yo hoe let me hit her
1	i just can't imagine myself being albino haha
1	actin awfully slutty for a bitch in a winnie the pooh sweater
1	hate when i'm in a girl city call her then she call back after i'm on the plane bitch foh
1	this bitch thought the hot sauce was bbq sauce. who tf puts bbq sauce in their tacos to begin with? 
1	my phone's doin da pussy right now lol
1	main bitches saying "i hate a 'send me a pic' ass nigga" be answering every single one of dj rice-a-roni's request
1	got these hoes lurkin got these niggahs talkin
1	thanksgiving early hoe
1	iont got not type ... bad bitches is the only thing that i like
0	 best asian massage on the park slope --top rated spa  718-622-0221 - 24
1	fag.
1	bitch you're the ugly one that's why everyone leaves you ahahahaa
1	hope you guys do get attacked for supporting sopa, bunch of dirty snake faggots.
1	call dat bitch...
0	sen. harry reid lists all the things republicans have blocked in the senate via he is ho
1	it's so wonderful when you meet a dude that's not a bitch ass nigga these days  
0	from the espn yankees game recap: "the sellout crowd braved 61-degree temperatures." lol what??? that's not weather you struggle through.
1	when you catch yo bitch sending nudes to another nigga...
1	i peep a lot of shit and i just laugh cause these hoes some actors
1	this guy would so get a show on spike if they could somehow revive the son of a bitch. i'd watch.
1	it's because you can't bend me, you can't buy me and you can't make me into your nigger farrakhan thetime
0	mt goauche monkey oldpainting vinyl jazz lounge
1	heyyyyyyyyyyy fag boy am i gonna watch you play?
0	cmon need a yellow for wilson
1	don't stop now half breed, i'm just starting to learn about what makes you a dumb ass
1	arial rose  athletic asian babe plays with her pussy afterexercising
1	justification of my bitch face. thanks
1	every time i ask for something the waitress touches my knee till i'm done asking. that mean she tryna give a nigga some pussy don't it.
1	damn i hate a bitch who like to argue and shit
1	cracker....
1	also you can only refer to a girl as "bitch" if she has sucked your d betdat
1	waaaaay too many niggas comfortable wit dressing up like ugly bitches for ig likes an re-posts....
1	niggas with bitch tendencies..
1	waiting on these bitches 
1	no skimp shit here bitch
1	miley cyrus, macklemore ; adam levine all got together n were like "lets gets the most retarded fucking hair cuts ever"
1	second time these gentrified bitches got on my nerves this morning.
1	i have to be the taller older bitch
1	been trynna catch up witchu pussy 
0	are you a pig or are you a bird
1	"you don't get bitches" take care the mos overrated album that has been released in the last 5 years
1	yo bitch talk about lamp u not on my level do u even know fussy look like stop looking porn kid
1	haha you bitch  really tho it will be good to catch up yo it was pretty fun last time we chilled
1	some of these hood negros don't deserve bail money the way they be visiting jail.
0	alabama is overrated this yr the last 2 weeks has shown too many chinks in their armor wv gave them hell too
1	 who did you rob, them hoes like 4 online
1	blah. if people are determined to think of you as a condescending bitch, it's their loss.
1	haha a private industry birthday is needed to all who have celebrated our bday the past month i can't wait for ours i see you nig**s lol 
1	well damn. make her a single mother what if you finally get the pussy ; it's garbage?"
0	cleaned all the bird nests out of the downspouts and ready for more rain, the baby birds are out now. respect the birds.....and bees (:
0	a wild one in the bronx. yankees score 6 runs in bottom of 7th to take 8-7 lead over red sox. the half-inning took thirty
1	wake up american sheeple nd stop allowing these pussy azz politicians who never bust a gun in they
0	sonia never criticises . kejriwal, who trashes every other leader, never criticises sonia. touching. yok
1	if i ride up to your bitch in these then...homie consider yourself a single nigga .
1	' o m g you like stop controllin me , i'm like bitch fuck you thought ? she like niggah fuck you mean
1	i listen to based god one time now im based. no bitch stfu. your like 13 stay outa the based game.
1	tbt halloween 2011 a spoopy hoe and her pimp daddy
1	don't try and pull that fake friend shit on me bitch.
1	these hoes ain't loyal
1	currently sitting down wishing a bitch would.
1	fuck niggah add it up..&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	came home and found my cat sleeping on my pillow ;c i love that niggah.
0	love birds.
1	is it me or does kim kardashian ain't looking as good no morestill look better then these so called bad bitches
1	yea i listen to that hoe when i wake up
1	really bitch?
1	when i call bitch, you come.
0	ios 8 autocorrect is trash my phone be capitalizing the dumbest things
1	bust in dat bitch face i don't want sons --
1	ceo tells daily show mentally retarded could work for $2: youre worth what youre worth
0	this new avi trash or nah
1	' ran a good game with my royal niggah 
1	he scared of pussy
0	cool beaners.
0	obama's hellfire missiles tend to vaporize jihadis uniteblue
1	it's definitely a bitch everything in life is ruled by money. such a moral heartbreak.
1	you can't be like "let me miss ya sometimes" bitches take it overboard and shit, i said give me time to miss yo ass not 
1	commentators bitch at bird for "sliding" but 2 port guys do it to buddy and it's buddy's fault?
1	a hour you're home and chillin and i'm working pussy 
0	flabby bird sounds turrible. lol. i'll just stick to watching paint dry...
1	bye hoe
1	even the young kardashians are hoes lol
1	we doing it lizard. unless you skype us, bitches.
1	just looked at a news story and thought to myself, "is she fucked up some kinda way?" because i am 12% hillbilly.
1	cut that bitch off
1	creamteam leaving hoes w cockbreath
1	playing with my money is like playing with my emotions niggas don't believe i guess we going to find out then hoe ass niggas
1	panera with my bottom bitch
1	happy first day of college nigger
1	all these bitches know that you're my nigga 
1	i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass
0	manual labor so trash
1	well your a little cunt
1	just ordered chinese food bitches bring on the cat
1	retweet for big booty bitches
1	he was no more a cunt with a shitty attitude than apex or pamaj or banks.
1	mane wtf i wake up look at da window it's showin like a mf outside...good thing a nicca went to walmart yesterday good aone snacks
1	when your trying to resist the urge to smack a bitch
1	in the future, gay culture will be considered cool by america's teens and instead of wiggers there will be straggots.
0	its pretty easy actually. i'm just the cashier. right now i'm eating those animal crackers lolol :)
1	the bromance between pat and ant is real fuck that faggot
1	you can't question snoop dogg he a og he told us not to love these hoes.
1	waiting 90 days for pussy is like being grounded and looking at all the kids playing outside from your bedroom window.
1	robin thicke doing too much to get paula back. that pussy had to have been 1.
0	it feels awkward to have the playing against the i mean, we all know who i'm rooting for, but it's awkward.
1	i am always there bitch
1	gotta link with bro rambo " fashoo nd we gotta pull up ona pussy boys
1	you lying bitch
1	y'all we use to have to take pictures on real cameras and upload them hoes through the computer. wow
1	two foreign hoes iont like the basic
0	walking dead gonna be so trash this season
1	bitches will argue with you for 30 mins and then be like "you know what, i aint gonna argue with you" bitch what???
0	permanent slit in my eyebrow from when i tumbled down the bleachers when i was little.... i stayed in the er
1	not home. headed to work sorry ho
1	wuw. am not wun uv ur hoes dnt send mi pics
0	......so.....white people selling african art? not cool? okay. blackish redskins doublestandard
1	fuck what rappers say bitch i am la
1	oh.... trash you say... this trash gonna keep driving thru ky.. she's trash. just gotta ignore her.
1	are you sure you ain't colored?
1	can't no hoe fixmylife
1	she is not a "whore" she a ho
0	lmao the in soles in reebok classics can't even handle the diabetic weight rick ross holds
1	she was like ima need you to write a statement. bitch write yourself a diet it's always the old people trying to snitch, bitch
0	and i don't have any confidence nonwhatsoever in you barack you're the sole reason why this country is in thi
1	ohkay ma texas bitch keep textin me , callin cryin stressin me bout where i been but i've been with another bitch allegedly 
0	love is a bird of flames. thank you for that song
1	baby i can make that pussy rain, often
1	those guys are pussies 
1	 interesting if ur child father aint shit...then look in the mirror at the dumb bitch 
0	red hot chili peppers with the longest nip-slip in super bowl half time show history.
1	as in rubbing her booty on another mans penis. sure fellas you cool with your girl dancing with other nig
1	switcharoo yo hoe
1	i wish faggots like would stop making music, rack city was fucking awful. get the fuck outta michigan.
1	running the game for 5 years guess that's why my feet hurt , wonder when they bite me do these bitches teeth hurt 
1	if you do tax fraud you bet not dare tweet about voting bitchall of them tweeting they don't do politics
1	those faggots that keep posting gay ass videos of them cuddling with their gf's on facebook.
1	duh you're my main bitch :)
1	but not disaster pussy. that thing is a wreck.
1	sometimes females are just fucking retarded bro. i swear i just want to kick y'all in the ovaries.
1	this bitch tweets been on point the few minutes i been on.
1	you a faggot if you bring a jacket to work and keep it at ya desk b/c the office is cold.
1	ladies love a real nicca
0	'worst tweet ever'? pr 'pro' manages to sound racist, mock aids in a single tweet
0	early worm gets the bird bslfe goodmorning
1	you's a nasty lil bitch
1	"people congratulate on losing weight for my health, but in reality i lost all the weight so i could fuck hot bitches"
1	pregnant at the same time and bitches think that's cute
1	half these females with these twitter names like "eat my pussy" ain't even about that life bro..
1	nah this bitch dykey
1	why these thirsty bitches trying to hit me up slide out of my kik lmfaoo 
0	jihadis claim to have shot an iraq army mi-35 attack helicopter in beji ; identify its pilot by name, rank
1	pussy
1	girls with good pussy are possessed by demons its a fact
0	grand opening top class  oriental massage  perfect 
1	freaky bitch eat the dick while i'm playing madden
1	i been in atlanta 15 mins nd got 2 bad hoes numbers
